recipe_id,title,subtitle,servings,yield_unit,prep_min,cook_min,stnd_min,source,intro,directions
214,Raspberry Chiffon Pie,,10,1 pie,20,8,305,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," For crust, preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
In lightly greased 10-inch pie plate, combine graham cracker crumbs, melted butter and 1/4 cup sugar.  Press evenly on bottom and up side of plate.  Bake 5 minutes; cool.

For filling, in medium saucepan, combine juice or water and gelatin; let stand 5 minutes.  Add 1/3 cup sugar and heat over medium heat, stirring to dissolve gelatin.  In blender or food processor, puree 6 plums.  Add puree and raspberries to gelatin mixture.  Refrigerate until mixture begins to set about 1 hour.  Stir yogurt into fruit mixture.  In large bowl, beat egg whites until frothy.  Gradually add cream of tartar and remaining 1/3 cup sugar and beat until stiff peaks form.  Gently fold egg whites into fruit mixture so as not to reduce volume.  Spoon into crust.  Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight.  Thinly slice remaining 2 plums and garnish top of pie. "
215,Apricot Yogurt Parfaits,,4,,5,2,65,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Drain canned apricots, pour 1/4 cup of the juice into saucepan or microwave-safe dish.  Sprinkle gelatin over juice and let stand for 5 minutes to soften.  Warm over low heat or microwave at medium (50% power) for 30 seconds or until gelatin has dissolved.
 
In food processor or blender, puree canned apricots; add lemon juice brandy, yogurt and gelatin mixture and process for 30 seconds or until combined.
 
Pour into parfait or stemmed glasses or champagne flutes.  Cover and refrigerate until set, at least 1 hour or overnight.
 
Just before serving arrange fresh apricots on top.  (If apricots are not available substitute kiwi slices or berries).  Garnish each with a small spoonful of yogurt and sprinkling of brown sugar or mint. "
216,Fresh Apricot Bavarian,,8,,5,13,0,The California Apricot Advisory Board,Serve in stemmed glasses and top with sliced apricots for elegant endings.," Drop apricots into boiling water to cover.  Return to boil and simmer for 5 minutes or until skins begin to split.  Drain and rinse under cold water.  Halve fruit and discard skins and pits.  Puree apricots in electric blender.  Combine water and gelatin in small saucepan; stir over low heat until dissolved.  Mix sugar, apricot puree and yogurt with a wire whip until smooth; mix in dissolved gelatin.  Sweeten to taste if desired.  Chill mixture until thick.  Spoon into stemmed glasses.

Note:  One pound fresh apricots is 15 to 20.  One and a half envelopes gelatin is 4 teaspoons. "
217,Fresh Peaches,with Banana Cream Whip,4,,10,0,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day," For a quick, low-cal dessert, serve this on other sliced fruit such as berries, instead of whipped cream. "," In a small bowl, beat egg white until foamy.  Add banana, sugar and lemon juice; beat until mixture forms stiff peaks.  Spoon peaches into 4 individual dishes, top with Banana Cream.
 
Note:  It is best to make this an hour or less before serving because it will darken upon standing. "
218,Canned Cherry Crisp,,6,,10,5,0,The Cherry Marketing Institute,Your microwave turns a can of cherry pie filling into a quick hot dessert.," Pour cherry pie filling into an 8-inch, round microwave-safe dish.  Sprinkle with almond extract.  Spread mixture evenly in dish.
 
In a small bowl, combine oats, coconut, flour, brown sugar and cinnamon; mix well.  

Cut in butter with a fork until mixture is crumbly.  Sprinkle oat mixture over cherry filling.
 
Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH (100% power) 4 to 5 minutes (rotating dish
twice), or until filling is hot and bubbly. "
219,Low Calorie Blueberry Meringue Tarts,,8,8 tarts,10,30,60,North American Blueberry Council,No one could ever guess that these tasty tarts are low in calories and hardly contain any fat or cholesterol.," In a bowl beat egg whites until very stiff.  Gradually beat in dry milk powder.  Beat in vanilla and 3 packets of the sugar substitute, beating until mixture holds its shape.  Spoon mixture into 8 3-inch tart pans.  Spread mixture with the back of a spoon until the bottom and sides of tart pan are lined.  Bake in a preheated slow oven (275 degrees F.) for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool on rack.
 
In a saucepan, mix gelatin, wine and sugar substitute.  Stir over low heat until gelatin is dissolved.  Chill until syrupy.  Stir in blueberries.  Spoon mixture into cooled tart pans, mounding filling high.  Chill until ready to serve.

Note:  Be sure to use a sugar substitute that can be heated without losing its sweetening abilities. "
220,Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting,,12,,6,0,0,Chocolate Manufacturers Association,," Place softened cream cheese, butter, vanilla, cream and cocoa powder in blender or food processor.  

Puree for 12 seconds in blender (4 in food processor).  Stop.  

Add 1 cup powdered sugar.  Blend or process until completely combined.  

Add remaining powdered sugar, blend or process until fluffy.
 
Sprinkle shaved chocolate on top.
 
Makes enough frosting to cover 8 to 12 cupcakes or one cake. "
226,Apple Upside Down Cake,,16,1 cake,20,45,20,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," Combine apples, 1 cup sugar, butter and cinnamon in a saucepan.  Cook until apples are tender, stirring frequently.  Pour into well-greased 13 X 9 X 2-inch baking pan.  Sprinkle nutmeats over apple mixture into pan.

Sift together flour, baking powder and salt.  Cream together shortening with sugar; blend in eggs, beat well.
 
Combine milk and vanilla, add alternately with dry ingredients to creamed mixture, beginning and ending with dry ingredients.

Spread over apples in pan.

Bake in 350 degree F.  oven 35 to 40 minutes or until done.

Remove from oven.  Turn cake upside down over large serving plate.  Let stand a few minutes, then remove pan.

Serve warm with whipped cream, if desired. "
227,Peaches Amaretto,,4,,15,10,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," In small saucepan, combine milk, cornstarch and sweetener until cornstarch is dissolved.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until slightly thickened, stirring constantly.  Cool; add vanilla and almond extracts.  In small bowl, beat egg white until stiff but not dry.  Carefully fold into sauce so as not to reduce volume.  Divide peaches into 4 sherbet glasses or serving dishes.  Spoon sauce over peaches. "
228,Homemade Cherry Pie Filling,,12,,10,20,60,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," If frozen cherries are used, heat in saucepan just until juice flows as cherries thaw.  Drain before cherries are warm.  If cherries are sugared, reduce sugar in recipe to taste.

Stir sugar and cornstarch together, add small amount of juice to make a paste.  Stir into juice; cook, stirring until sauce thickens.

Stir in drained cherries and extract.  Cool. "
229,Raspberry-Pear Couscous Cake,,16,1 cake,15,10,155,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Place couscous in fine mesh steamer or line bottom of steamer with cheesecloth.  Moisten couscous with water.  Cover and steam 5 minutes.  Remove and place in 13 X 9 X 2-inch baking dish, fluffing up couscous to cool.  

In medium saucepan, sprinkle gelatin on 1 cup water; let stand 5 minutes.  Heat until gelatin dissolves.  Add apple juice and combine thoroughly.
Measure out 2 cups apple juice mixture and add vanilla and cinnamon.  Pour over couscous and chill about 30 minutes.  To remaining apple juice add raspberries, pears, lemon juice and peel.  Gently spoon over couscous mixture.  Chill about 2 hours until firm. "
230,Apricot Almond Bread Pudding,,8,,10,55,180,The American Egg Board,," In greased shallow 1 1/2-quart casserole, lightly toss together bread cubes, apricots and almonds.  In medium bowl, beat together eggs, milk, sugar and flavorings.  Pour over bread mixture.  Cover and refrigerate several hours or overnight.
 
Bake in a preheated 350 degree F.  oven until knife inserted near center
comes out clean, about 45 to 55 minutes.  Serve hot or refrigerate to serve
chilled. "
231,Oregon Hazelnut Crunch,,32,2 cups,15,10,20,The Hazelnut Marketing Board,Great sprinkled on frozen yogurt.," Combine sugar, hazelnut extract, corn syrup, water and salt in a 1-quart saucepan and bring to a boil.  Cook to 300 degrees F.  (syrup will be a golden color) without stirring.  Remove from heat and add Oregon hazelnuts and soda (mixture will foam), stir briskly and pour into buttered pan.  Let cool and break into coarse crumbs with rolling pin.  Store in airtight container until used. "
232,Apple Bean Cake,,12,1 3-layer cake,30,40,10,The California Dry Bean Advisory Board," This moist cake uses a ""secret"" ingredient. "," Grease 3 8-inch round cake pans.
 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
 
In a medium bowl, cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy.  Add egg; continue beating until light.  Stir in bean puree and apple butter.  Sift together flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, cloves and allspice into a medium bowl.  Stir flour mixture into bean mixture until blended.  Mix in diced apple.  Pour into greased pans.  Bake 30 to 40 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.  Cool in pans 10 minutes.  Remove cakes from pans.  Cool on racks.

Prepare Coffee Icing in a small bowl by combining powdered sugar, butter and a dash of salt.  Beat with electric mixer on low speed until blended.  Add 3 to 4 tablespoons coffee.  Beat until smooth.  Beat in remaining coffee, 1 teaspoon at a time as needed for spreading consistency.  Layer cakes with icing. "
473,Microwave Sweet Potato Chips,,4,,3,8,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",An easy to make lower fat alternative to potato chips.,In microwave dish spread out sweet potatoes.  Sprinkle with water.  Microwave on high for 5 minutes.  Mix in butter and brown sugar.  Microwave another 2-3 minutes.  Let sit.
474,Tropical Date Shake,,1,,10,0,0,The California Date Administrative Committee,,Combine all ingredients except frozen yogurt in blender and puree until dates are finely chopped.  Add frozen yogurt; blend until just combined.
477,Red Onion Potato Salad,,6,,15,30,120,The Potato Board,A lower fat version of the old stand-by.  Your family is sure to love it.," In large bowl, combine hot potatoes with remaining ingredients.  Refrigerate to chill. "
501,Strawberry-Banana Shake,,2,2 cups,10,0,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",This drink is wonderful as a quick breakfast or satisfying snack.," In a blender or food processor, combine all the ingredients.  Process until smooth. "
233,Foil Baked Banana Peach Delight,,4,,5,30,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," In blender or food processor, puree peaches.  In small saucepan, combine peach puree, vanilla and sugar.  Bring to boil reduce heat, cover and simmer 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  On individual pieces of foil, place 1/2 banana; cover with 2 tablespoons peach puree.  Fold foil closed.  Bake in 
400 degree F.  oven 15 minutes.  Serve warm. "
234,Apricot Meringue Tart,,4,,15,35,60,California Apricot Advisory Board,," Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.  Whip egg white with salt until soft peaks form.  Add almond extract and continue beating until stiff.  Spread evenly into a greased tart or pie pan; bake 10 minutes or until golden.  Remove from oven and reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.  Place 8 apricot halves cut side down on meringue.  Brush apricots with egg yolk and sprinkle with almonds.  Bake 20 minutes longer.

Mash remaining apricot halves and combine with nectar, cornstarch and nutmeg in a small saucepan; cook stirring occasionally until thickened.
Pour glaze evenly over tart and chill 1 hour. "
235,Basic Blueberry Pie Filling,,8,1 pie,40,50,0,Texas Department of Agriculture,Just a few ingredients turn out a luscious dessert.," Mix berries, sugar and lemon juice in heavy saucepan.  Bring to boil stirring frequently.  Mix cornstarch with enough water to make a paste.  Pour into berry mixture stirring constantly until thick.  Cool.  Pour into unbaked pie shell.  Bake at 400 degrees F.  about 35 minutes or until crust is golden. "
236,Nectarine Meringue Crowns,,6,2,25,60,30,The California Tree Fruit Agreement," A light summer treat that is great for entertaining., "," Place egg whites in mixing bowl; add cream of tartar and nutmeg.  Beat until foamy.  Gradually add sugar, beating constantly, until stiff and glossy.  Divide egg mixture into 6 equal mounds on baking sheet.  With back of spoon shape into round tarts.  Bake in 250 degree F.  oven 1 hour.  Cool.

Thaw juice concentrate and pour into saucepan.  Stir in water and cornstarch.  Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce thickens and is clear.  Cool.  Fill each meringue tart with 1/2 cup nectarine slices.  Spoon sauce over fruit. "
237,Cayuga Cookies,,12,3 dozen,10,15,20,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,Maple syrup sweetens these treats.," Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
 
Beat shortening, maple syrup and egg together until fluffy.  Stir flour, salt and baking soda together.  Add to egg mixture.  Add milk and oatmeal and mix well.  Stir in raisins and nuts.  Drop by spoonfuls on a greased cookie sheet.  Bake for 15 minutes or until done. "
221,Sweet Cherry Ice,,8,2 quarts,20,5,240,Northwest Cherry Growers," Cholesterol-free, lowfat and refreshing. "," Puree cherries in blender, food processor or food mill.  Combine cherry puree with applesauce and sugar.  Soften gelatin in cold water; heat until completely dissolved.  Stir gelatin mixture, lemon juice and spices into fruit mixture.  Pour mixture into 13 X 9 X 2-inch pan and freeze.  Spoon into large, chilled bowl and beat until light and fluffy (working quickly to prevent melting).  Return to pan and freeze until firm. "
222,Iced Raspberry Mousse,,6,,15,5,80,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," In saucepan or microwave-safe dish, sprinkle gelatin over water; let stand for 5 minutes to soften.  Heat over low heat or microwave at medium (50% power) for 50 seconds or until gelatin has dissolved.
 
In food processor or blender, puree raspberries (if using unsweetened, add 1/4 cup sugar).  Transfer to bowl and stir in gelatin mixture, yogurt and orange rind.  Refrigerate until mixture begins to set or is the consistency of raw egg whites.
 
In large bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form.  Gradually add sugar, beating until stiff peaks form.  Whisk about 1/4 of beaten whites into raspberry mixture; fold in remaining whites.
 
Divide among prepared parfait or sherbet glasses.  Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.  Garnish with raspberries, mint and flowers. "
245,Peach Granita,,4,,10,30,240,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A summertime treat for hot days.," Bring water to boil in saucepan.  Add peaches and sugar; simmer until peaches soften, about 30 minutes.  Cool.  Puree in blender.  Pour into loaf pan.  Freeze about 4 hours.  To serve, scoop into chilled serving glasses; garnish and serve immediately. "
416,Orange Date Shake,,1,,5,0,0,The California Date Adminstrative Committee," This versatile shake is a delicious pick-me-up morning, noon or night. ",Combine dates and orange juice in blender and puree until dates are finely chopped.  Add frozen yogurt; blend until just combined.
431,Dilled Rice Salad,,6,,30,0,60,USA Rice Council,Leftover rice shines again.," Combine vinegar, lemon juice, oil, dill, salt, and pepper in a large bowl.  Add rice, red pepper, and snow peas; toss.  Serve chilled. "
223,Kiwifruit Popsicles,,10,10 popsicles,10,0,300,New Zealand Fruit Company,," Peel kiwifruit.  Process in blender or food processor just until smooth; do not crush seeds.  Stir in lemonade concentrate and water.  To make popsicles:  Pour mixture into 10 small popsicle molds or paper cups; place cups in freezer until partially frozen.  Place popsicle sticks in center of cups and freeze firm.  To make sorbet:  Pour mixture into a metal pan.  Cover with foil; freeze until firm (or freeze in ice cream freezer, following manufacturer's instructions).  Remove from freezer; let stand 10 minutes.  Break into small pieces and put into food processor with metal blade in place.  Process until smooth.  Pack into plastic or cardboard container and cover.  Return to freezer.  Serve by scooping. "
224,Dessert Fruit Pizza,,6,,10,25,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A sweet twist to a popular dish.," Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
 
On large baking pan, place pastry; fold edges under to form ridge.  Sprinkle with mozzarella.  Top with small dollops of ricotta.  Sprinkle with raisins, nuts and spices.  Arrange fruit on top.  Drizzle with marmalade.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until pastry is puffed and brown. "
225,Blueberry Cobbler,,4,,10,20,0,North American Blueberry Council,An old-fashioned dessert made up-to-date by cutting the fat.," Combine sugar and cornstarch in saucepan; add blueberries, lemon juice, lemon peel, 1 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/8 teaspoon salt.  Cook and stir over medium heat 4 to 6 minutes or until thickened.  Place in 4-cup baking dish.

To make cobbler topping:  Stir together flour, sugar, baking powder, remaining cinnamon and salt.  In a separate bowl, combine the egg and milk; stir into dry ingredients just until moistened.  Spoon cobbler topping over the blueberry mixture.

Bake at 375 degrees F.  15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. "
238,Chewy Chocolate Hazelnut Cookies,,24,4 dozen,20,9,15,The Hazelnut Marketing Board,A delicious special occasion cookie that will disappear quickly.," In a mixing bowl, cream butter or margarine, oil and sugars until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes.  Beat in eggs and vanilla.  In separate bowl combine flours, cocoa, baking soda and salt.  Gradually blend into creamed mixture.  Stir in hazelnuts.  Drop by tablespoons onto ungreased baking sheet.  Bake in a 350 F.  oven for 8 to 9 minutes.  

Do not overbake; cookies will be soft.  Cool slightly before removing from sheet. "
239,Oranges in Grand Marnier,,6,,15,30,135,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A refreshing ending to any meal.," Using zester or vegetable peeler, peel thin strips of orange rind from 2 of the oranges, being careful not to include any white part.  Cut into wispy thin strips and place in saucepan.  Pour in enough cold water to cover and bring to boil (this removes any bitter flavor); drain and set aside.
 
Using sharp knife, cut peel, including any white pith and membrane, from oranges.  Cut oranges into round slices and place in glass bowl or in overlapping slices on platter.
 
In saucepan, combine sugar, water and corn syrup; bring to boil, stirring only until sugar has dissolved.  Add strips of orange rind; simmer uncovered, for 25 minutes or until syrup is slightly thickened.  Remove from heat; stir in lemon juice and liqueur.
 
Let cool, then pour sauce over oranges.
 
Refrigerate for 2 to 8 hours, turning oranges once or twice.  Taste and add more liqueur if desired. "
240,Citrus Pecan Topping,,4,2 cups,15,15,0,Texas Department of Agriculture,An interesting Texas topping.," Peel and section 1 grapefruit and 1 orange over bowl, reserving juice.  Set sections aside.  Measure grapefruit juice; squeeze enough juice from the remaining grapefruit to equal 6 tablespoons juice.  Repeat with oranges, squeezing enough juice to equal 6 tablespoons juice.  Set aside.  Combine sugar, cornstarch and salt in saucepan; stir in juices and water.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until thickened and bubbly.  Add butter and stir until melted.  Stir in citrus sections and pecans.  Serve warm or at room temperature over pound cake, shortcake, bread pudding or pancakes. "
241,Brandy Pear Sorbet,,8,1 quart,15,5,210,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," In large saucepan, heat juice and sugar until sugar dissolves.  Cool.  In large bowl, combine pear puree, apple juice or white grape juice and the brandy.  Stir fruit mixture into sugar mixture.  Freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.  (Or freeze in loaf pan.) Thirty minutes before serving, process in blender or food processor and refreeze until serving. "
242,Old-Fashioned Fresh Pear Pie,,8,1 pie,25,45,30,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,This is a special treat in the late summer and early fall when pears are at their peak.," Stir sugar with flour, mace and cinnamon; mix with pears so that all slices are coated.  Divide pastry dough in half; roll half on floured board and place in 9-inch pie pan.  Moisten edge with water.  Turn pears into pie pan.  Dot with butter and cover with top crust.  Crimp edges.  Brush pastry with egg white and sprinkle with sugar.  Cut 4 slits in top to allow steam to escape.  Bake on low shelf in 450 degree F.  oven 25 minutes.  (It may be necessary to wrap edge of pie with foil if it starts to get too dark.) Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F.  and bake an additional 20 minutes.  For best results, allow pie to cool at least to lukewarm before cutting into 8 slices. "
442,Artichoke Rice Salad,,6,,15,25,0,USA Rice Council,," Drain artichoke hearts, reserving liquid.  Combine hot rice, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, onions, cheese and pepper.  Combine reserved liquid from artichokes and vinegar; shake to combine.  Drizzle over salad.  Spoon into individual lettuce-lined salad plates. "
494,Texas Barbecue Potatoes,,4,,10,30,0,The Potato Board," While these potatoes are cooking, throw some hamburgers or chicken on the grill.  You'll have a delicious meal in no time. "," In large saute pan combine all ingredients except potatoes; bring to a boil.  Add potatoes; cover and simmer 20-25 minutes until tender, stirring occasionally.  Serve hot. "
514,Harvest Rice,,6,,10,15,0,USA Rice Council,," In large skillet, cook carrots in oil about 5 minutes over medium heat.  Add onions and apples.  Cook 3-5 minutes longer.  Stir in remaining ingredients.  Cook until thoroughly heated. "
600,Sweet and Sour Cherry Ham Salad,,8,,30,0,60,Northwest Cherry Growers,," Fill salad bowl half full with torn salad greens.  Arrange cherries, ham, celery, green onions, green pepper, cashews and water chestnuts on top.  Refrigerate.  Serve with dressing. "
243,Butterscotch Crispies,,102,8 1/2 dozen,30,10,15," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
 
Sift flour, baking soda and salt onto waxed paper.  Cream margarine with brown sugar in large bowl until fluffy-light; beat in eggs one at a time, until fluffy again.  Beat in egg whites; stir in vanilla.
 
Add flour mixture, one-third at a time, until well blended; stir in rolled oats, rice cereal and walnuts.  Drop by teaspoonfuls, about an inch apart onto large cookie sheets lightly sprayed with cooking spray.  Bake 10 minutes, or until cookies are firm and lightly golden.  Remove to wire racks and cool. "
244,Grated Sweet Potato Pudding,,6,,10,60,10,The Sweet Potato Council of the U.S.,An easy to make dessert that's high in Vitamin A.,Grate the sweet potatoes into the milk to keep them from turning dark unless you use the food processor to grate.  Add other ingredients in given order.  Pour into a well greased 1 1/2-quart casserole.  Bake in a 350 degree F.  oven for 1 hour.  Serve warm.
246,Light Apple Cake,,12,1 cake,20,90,60,Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,A delicious cake.," Spray ring mold or fluted tube pan with nonstick vegetable coating.  Place
apples in large bowl.  In separate bowl, combine 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon apple juice concentrate and cinnamon.  Pour over sliced apples and stir until apples are evenly covered.  Set aside.  In separate bowl, mix together flours, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder and salt.  Stir in oil, 1 cup apple juice concentrate, vanilla, egg, egg whites and orange juice.  Pour half of batter into prepared mold.  Layer half of apple mixture over batter then repeat with remaining batter and apples.  Bake at 350 degrees F for 1 1/2 hours, remove from oven.  Allow to cool before removing from pan. "
247,Whole Wheat Sugar Cookies,,12,3 dozen,25,10,10,Texas Department of Agriculture," Whole wheat flour, orange peel and spices brighten up these sugar cookies. "," Cream 1 cup sugar and butter; add egg.  In separate bowl, mix flour, baking powder, soda, salt, nutmeg and orange peel.  Add to creamed mixture with milk and vanilla.  Shape into 1-inch balls and place on ungreased baking sheet 2 inches apart.  Flatten slightly and sprinkle remaining sugar and cinnamon on top.  Bake 8 to 10 minutes at 375 degrees F.  or until brown. "
248,Oatmeal Cherry Braid,,12,2 braids,50,25,105,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,An impressive use for cherry pie filling.," Stir oatmeal into hot water.  Add salt and butter; cool to lukewarm.
 
Dissolve yeast in warm water, stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons sugar until dissolved.  When yeast mixture starts to bubble, add to oatmeal mixture.
 
Stir in brown sugar and enough flour to make a stiff dough.  Knead until smooth and satiny.

Cover and let rise until double.  Punch down dough, divide in half.
 
Roll one portion into a rectangle.  Place on lightly greased baking sheet.  Spread CHERRY PIE FILLING (using only 1/2 of entire recipe for both braids) down center of dough.  Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon lemon peel.
 
Cut 1-inch strips on each side of filling to within 1/2 inch of filling.  Starting with top right strip, overlap dough over filling, working right to left, pinching lightly to seal.  Let rise until almost doubled.
 
Bake at 350 degrees F.  20 to 25 minutes.  While braid is still warm, frost with glaze of confectioner's sugar, milk and vanilla.  Repeat with remaining dough. "
249,Cranberry-Pear Crisp,,8,,20,25,0,Texas Department of Agriculture,A colorful blend of ingredients makes a great winter dessert.," Combine rice, pears, cranberries, 1/3 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons flour.  Place rice mixture in 2-quart baking dish coated with cooking spray; set aside.
Combine remaining flour, remaining sugar and oats in a bowl.  Cut in butter with pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal.  Add pecans and coconut; blend well.  Sprinkle over rice mixture.  Bake at 375 degrees F.  25 minutes or until thoroughly heated.  Serve warm.

Microwave oven instructions:  Prepare as directed using 2-quart micro-proof baking dish.  Cook on HIGH 4-5 minutes, rotating dish once during cooking time.  Let stand 5 minutes.  Serve warm. "
250,Mom's Nectarine Lattice Pie,,8,1 pie,25,60,30,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.

Line 9-inch pie pan with one crust.  Cut remaining crust into 1/2 inch strips.  In large bowl, gently toss nectarines with sugar, flour and lemon peel.  Spoon into crust.  (The crust will seem too full of fruit but it cooks down as it bakes.) Weave dough strips over top to form lattice crust.  Seal and crimp edges.  Brush lattice top with milk and sprinkle with sugar, if desired.  Place on baking sheet.  Bake 10 minutes.  Reduce heat to 350 degrees F.  and bake 45 to 50 minutes or until lattice top is golden brown and fruit is tender.  Cool. "
251,Bronx Brownies,,12,1 dozen,15,50,30,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets," A twist on the familiar, sweetened with maple syrup. "," Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.

Melt shortening and chocolate together in medium saucepan over medium heat.  Add maple syrup, vanilla, sugar and beaten eggs.  Sift flour, baking powder and salt, then add nuts.  Add this to first mixture.  Pour into a shallow pan which has been lined with well-greased wax paper.  Bake at 300 degrees F.  for 45 minutes or until done.  Cool and cut into 12 pieces. "
252,Oregon Hazelnut Brittle,,36,3 dozen pieces,10,13,30,The Hazelnut Marketing Board,," In a microwave-safe glass bowl, combine nuts, sugar, corn syrup and salt and microwave on FULL POWER for 7 to 8 minutes, stopping to stir 2 or 3 times to blend sugar and corn syrup.  Add the margarine and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes on FULL POWER.  Add the vanilla and soda and blend together.  Stir and pour onto buttered tray.  Cool slightly and stretch for thinner brittle.  Cool and break into pieces. "
253,Tutti Fruitti Rice Pudding,,4,,10,45,10,The American Egg Board,Use leftover cooked rice for an easy family favorite.," Place 4 (6 ounce) custard cups in large baking pan.  Spoon 2 tablespoons of
the rice and 2 tablespoons of the fruit bits into each cup.
 
In medium bowl, beat together eggs, sugar and vanilla until well blended.  Stir in milk.  Pour over rice and fruit in cups.  Sprinkle with cinnamon, if desired.  Place pan on rack in preheated 350 degree F.  oven.  Pour very hot water into
pan to within 1/2 inch of top of custard cups.
 
Bake until knife inserted near center comes out clean, about 35 to 45 minutes.  Remove promptly from hot water.  Cool on wire rack 5 to 10 minutes.
Serve warm or chilled.
 
Note:  For a caramel flavor substitute firmly packed brown sugar for regular
sugar.
To cut baking time, heat milk until very hot.  Stir into egg mixture.  Bake as above, about 20 to 25 minutes. "
282,Sweet Cherry Sauce,,8,2 cups,15,0,180,Northwest Cherry Growers,Make plain desserts something special when fresh cherries are in season.," Combine all ingredients; mix well.  Refrigerate several hours.
 
Delicious served over plain or vanilla-flavored yogurt, ice cream or pound cake. "
302,Three-Melon Melange,,8,,15,0,60,Texas Department of Agriculture,An easy way to enliven melon.," Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil.  Remove from heat and add liqueur; chill.  In large bowl, combine melons; chill until ready to serve.  Just before serving, pour syrup over fruit. "
254,No-Bake Fruit Crisp,,6,,15,5,0,Canned Fruit Promotion Service,," Drain fruit, reserving liquid for other uses.  Combine granola and almonds.
Melt margarine in small saucepan.  Blend in brown sugar and cinnamon; simmer until sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes.  Toss with granola and almonds; cool.  Combine yogurt and nutmeg.  To serve, spoon approximately 1/2 cup chunky mixed fruit onto each serving plate.  Top with yogurt mixture and sprinkle with granola mixture. "
255,Super Chocolatey Cupcakes,,8,8 cupcakes,10,40,20,Chocolate Manufacturers Association,It's hard to believe these tasty treats are lowfat.," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Grease cupcake tin or line cups with paper liners.  Sift dry ingredients together in bowl.  Add remaining ingredients.  Mix well.
 
Pour mixture into cupcake tins, evenly distributed between 8 cupcakes.
 
Bake 30 to 40 minutes or until cupcakes spring back when touched lightly.
Cool on wire rack.  Frost with CHOCOLATE CREAM CHEESE FROSTING, if desired. "
256,Chocolate Dipping Sauce,,32,2 cups,10,12,0,Chocolate Manufacturers Association,," Melt butter in saucepan on low to medium heat.  Blend in cocoa.  

Add milk, vanilla, corn syrup, sugar and flour.  

Let mixture come to a slow boil, reduce heat.  Simmer about 6 minutes.
 
Serve while still warm.  Dip fresh fruits, cookies, graham crackers, marshmallows, pretzels, sponge cake, etc. "
257,California Plum Sorbet,,6,,15,0,270,The California Tree Fruit Agreement," A cool, refreshing summer treat. "," Place all ingredients in food processor or blender; puree.  Pour into loaf pan and freeze, about 4 hours.  Process again 30 minutes before serving.  Return to freezer until served.
 
Note:  This recipe may also be prepared in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions. "
258,Blueberry Crisp,,8,,20,20,10,USA Rice Council,," Combine rice, blueberries, and 3 tablespoons sugar.  Coat 8 individual custard cups or 2-quart baking dish with cooking spray.  Place rice mixture in cups or baking dish; set aside.  Combine bran, flour, walnuts, cinnamon and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in mixing bowl.  Cut in margarine with pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal.  Sprinkle over rice mixture.  Bake at 375 degrees F.  for 15 to 20 minutes or until thoroughly heated.  Serve warm.

Microwave instructions:  Prepare as directed using microwave-proof baking dish.  Cook uncovered on HIGH 4 to 5 minutes, rotating dish once during cooking time.  Let stand 5 minutes.  Serve warm.

Variations:  Use your choice of fresh fruit or combinations of fruit for blueberries, if desired. "
259,Cherry Yogurt Cheesecake,,8,1 cake,20,5,420,Northwest Cherry Growers,A lowfat cheesecake with all the flavor of the original.," Be sure to buy yogurt that does not contain added gelatin.
 
Drain yogurt in strainer lined with coffee filter 6 hours or overnight.  Combine cookie crumbs and butter; press into 9-inch springform pan.  Set aside.  Discard liquid from yogurt; stir in sugar substitute.  Combine orange juice and gelatin; heat until gelatin dissolves.  Stir into yogurt mixture.  Fold in dessert topping and orange peel.  Arrange cherries over bottom of crust.  Pour yogurt mixture over cherries.  Refrigerate until set.

Note:  To lower the fat content even more, use nonfat plain yogurt. "
260,Fudgy Date Pudding Cake,,8,1 cake,15,50,0,California Date Administrative Committee,," Sift flour, 1/2 cup of the granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons of the cocoa powder and the baking powder into mixing bowl.  Combine dates, milk and butter; stir into dry ingredients to blend well.  Spread in greased 8-inch square baking pan; set aside.  In saucepan, combine remaining 1/2 cup sugar and 9 tablespoons cocoa powder and the brown sugar.  Whisk in water to blend.  Bring to boil, stirring to dissolve sugar.  Slowly pour over batter in pan.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven 35 to 40 minutes, until wooden pick inserted into cake mixture comes out clean.  Serve warm.

Note:  A cake layer will rise to the top and a layer of fudgy pudding will form on the bottom.
 
 12% fat; 263 calories "
261,Fruit a la Russe,,8,,20,15,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Sauce transforms fresh summer fruit into a special dessert.," In top of double boiler, scald milk.  Slowly add about 1/4 cup hot milk to egg, stirring with wire whisk.  Return mixture to double boiler and continue cooking, stirring constantly, until custard coats metal spoon.  Cool.  Add fructose and vanilla and rum extracts.  Mix all fruit together and divide among 8 serving bowls.  Spoon 2 tablespoons sauce over each serving.  Or, serve sauce in small bowl for dipping. "
262,Heavenly Strawberry Cheesecake,,12,1 cake,20,65,285,Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,This is a rich and creamy Italian-style cheesecake.," Combine crushed graham crackers and margarine.  Press into bottom of 9-inch
springform pan.  Bake in 325 F.  oven for 5 minutes.  Cool.  

In blender container, combine ricotta cheese, yogurt, sugar, flour and lemon juice.  Cover and blend until smooth.  Set aside.  In a large mixer bowl, beat cream cheese on medium speed of electric mixer until smooth.  Slowly add ricotta cheese mixture, egg product and vanilla to cream cheese mixture, beating on low speed until combined.  

Pour into crust.  Place on shallow baking pan in oven.  Bake at 325 F.  for 1 hour or until center is nearly set when gently shaken.  Cool for 30 minutes more, remove sides of pan.  Cool completely.  Chill for 4-6 hours.  Top with fresh strawberries. "
263,Fresh Peach Buttermilk Sherbet,,10,5 cups,10,0,240,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,An easy-to-make smooth and tangy frozen dessert.," In blender, puree peach slices with all remaining ingredients except buttermilk.  Stir in buttermilk.  Prepare in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.  Pack into freezing containers.  Freeze firm. "
264,Peachy Orange Sorbet,,8,1 quart,15,0,240,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," In large saucepan, heat apple juice and sugar until sugar dissolves.  Cool.  In large bowl, combine peaches, orange juice and orange peel.  Stir into sugar mixture.  Freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.  Thirty minutes before serving, process in blender or food processor and refreeze until serving.
 
Note:  You may omit freezing in ice cream maker and freeze in loaf pan.
Thirty minutes before serving, process in blender or food processor and refreeze until serving. "
300,After School Fruit Cup,,4,,20,0,60,The California Table Grape Commission,A special fruit treat for kids.," Combine grapes, apple, orange, cantaloupe and cinnamon stick.  Mix remaining ingredients.  Pour over fruit.  Cover and marinate in refrigerator until
chilled.  Remove cinnamon stick.  Divide marinated fruits equally into 4 serving dishes. "
304,Blueberry Sauce,,8,2 cups,10,5,0,North American Blueberry Council," A delicious, easy-to-make sauce.  Serve on pancakes, waffles, blintzes, ice cream, puddings, or pound cake. ",Combine all ingredients in saucepan.  Cook and stir over medium heat 4 to 5 minutes or until thickened.
535,Italian-Style Pistachio Pasta,,4,,15,10,0,California Pistachio Commission,," Melt butter in skillet.  Add onion and saute until nearly tender.  Add bell peppers, garlic, prosciutto, pistachios, rosemary and olive oil to skillet.  Continue cooking, stirring until hot and sauteed.  Add crumbled blue cheese; spoon over hot pasta. "
265,Marshmallow Peach Cake,,9,1 cake,20,35,0,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,," Cream 1 tablespoon butter; add sugar and salt and mix well.  Add egg and beat until light and smooth.  Sift flour, baking powder and add to first mixture alternately with the milk.  Pour into greased 10 x 7-inch pan.  Arrange peaches over batter.  Sprinkle brown sugar and cinnamon.  Dot with butter.  Bake at 350 F.  for 30 minutes.  Place marshmallows on peaches and return to oven.  Brown lightly. "
266,Golden Apricot Rice Pudding,,6,,20,25,30,USA Rice Council,Leftover rice makes a fruity rice dessert.," Drizzle butter evenly into 6 individual oven-proof molds.  Sprinkle with brown sugar; arrange apricots evenly over brown sugar.  Stir sugar into milk; add rice.  Stir in salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, eggs and vanilla; pour over apricots.  Place molds in 13 X 9-inch pan with about 1-inch hot water; bake at 350 degrees F.  20 to 25 minutes, or until custard is set.  Unmold immediately; let cool.

To serve place pudding on plate.  If desired, spoon chocolate sauce on plate around pudding and garnish with whipped cream, chocolate leaves and toasted almonds. "
267,Chocolate Bananas D'amore,,4,4 bananas,15,5,0,Chocolate Manufacturers Association,An elegant easy fruit dessert that combines 2 favorites:  chocolate and banana.," Peel bananas and slice them in half both lengthwise and crosswise.
 
Melt butter in a chafing dish, electric buffet pan, or skillet over low heat.  Saute the bananas lightly on both sides, keeping them firm; remove them to a platter.

Remove pan from heat and add cocoa, stirring with a wooden spoon.  Slowly
add sugar, vanilla and 1/4 cup rum, stirring constantly.  Return to low heat, taking care that mixture does not burn.

Add bananas and roll them gently in the chocolate mixture.  Remove from the
heat, add remaining tablespoon rum, and flame.
 
Serve on individual dessert plates with vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt. "
268,Spirited Date Cake,,16,1 cake,30,80,1440,The California Date Administrative Committee,It's worth the wait for this rum-soaked dessert.," In saucepan, combine dates, apricots, juice and rum.  Bring to boil; reduce heat and simmer, covered, 5 minutes.  Remove from heat; cool completely.  In mixer bowl, beat sugar, egg yolks and vanilla to blend well (mixture will be dry).  Sift together flour, baking powder and salt; stir into sugar-egg mixture.  Beat in soaked fruits and their liquid and the nuts to distribute evenly.  In small bowl, beat egg whites to soft peaks; fold into batter.  Pour into greased and floured 6 to 7-cup tube pan or 9 X 5-inch loaf pan.  Bake in 300 degree F.  oven 60 to 70 minutes, until wooden pick inserted into center comes out clean.
 
Cool in pan 10 minutes.  Loosen edges; remove from pan.  While warm, wrap snugly in foil; let stand 24 hours before slicing.  Cake will keep up to 1 week.
For longer storage, wrap cake in brandy or rum-soaked cheesecloth, then in plastic wrap.  Let age up to 1 month, adding brandy as needed. "
269,Fresh Peach Shortcake,a La Creme,12,,50,20,30,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," To make Spa Genoise:  Lightly oil and flour twelve 1-cup muffin tins or oven-proof custard cups.  In small bowl, combine flour and baking powder.  In large bowl, beat egg whites and brown sugar until stiff peaks form, about 5 minutes.  Gently sprinkle flour mixture over eggs, a little at a time, folding in after each addition so as not to reduce volume.  Carefully drizzle butter around edges of batter and gently fold in.  Spoon batter into muffin cups.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven 18 to 20 minutes.  Cool cakes on wire rack.  Store
remaining 8 cakes in airtight container or freeze up to 1 month.
 
To make Spa Creme:  In glass or metal bowl, place milk and vanilla.  Place bowl and beaters in freezer for 30 minutes.  Stir in honey.  Beat at high speed 1 to 2 minutes or until soft peaks form.  To serve, arrange 4 cakes on individual plates.  Arrange peach slices around each cake.  Top with Spa Creme.

Note:  This recipe makes 12 cakes.  It is recommended that unless you are serving a crowd, you freeze the remaining cakes for later use. "
270,Bill's Bean Fudge,,48,3 pounds,10,10,60,The California Dry Bean Advisory Board,The addition of beans adds fiber to this chocolatey confection.," You may use any variety of cooked or canned (one 16 ounce can) beans.  Melt together chocolate and butter.  Mix in thoroughly drained and mashed beans, vanilla and sugar.  Place in large, buttered, shallow cookie pan and refrigerate.  Cut into 48 pieces.  Makes 2 1/2 to 3 pounds of fudge. "
271,Microwave Fudge,,36,,10,2,60,The California Pistachio Commission,Pistachios make this easy-to-prepare microwave fudge unique.  This fudge may be sprinkled with 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped shelled California pistachios before chilling.," In a large microwave-proof bowl, combine powdered sugar, cocoa and salt.  Stir in milk and flavorings; mix well.  Place butter or margarine on top.  
Microwave at HIGH 2 minutes.  Beat until smooth; stir in pistachios.  Spread in foil-lined or buttered 8 x 8 x 2-inch baking pan.  Chill about 1 hour or until firm.  Cut into 36 pieces. "
272,Apple Whole Grain Bread Pudding,,6,,15,50,0,The American Cancer Society,," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
 
Place bread cubes in large mixing bowl.  Add milk and apple juice and toss.  Add apples, raisins, lemon peel, cinnamon and nutmeg to bread cubes.  In medium-size mixing bowl, beat egg whites until foamy.  Gradually add sugar and vanilla, beating until stiff peaks form.  Fold egg whites into bread-apple mixture.  Pour mixture into a 1 1/2 or 2-quart casserole.  Set in a pan of water and bake 45 to 50 minutes or until lightly browned on top and apples are tender. "
273,Plum-Nectarine Ambrosia,,6,,10,15,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,An easy summer fruit salad.," In medium saucepan, combine plums, nectarines, banana and applesauce.  Cover and cook over low heat until fruit is tender, about 15 minutes.  Spoon into individual serving dishes and garnish with coconut and nuts.  Serve warm or chilled.
 
Microwave directions:  In microwave-safe bowl, cover and cook plums, nectarines, banana and applesauce on HIGH about 7 minutes, stirring after 4 minutes. "
435,Sunshine Salad,,5,,15,0,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A colorful lowfat salad that can be made in a hurry.,Toss all ingredients together in a large bowl.  Add dressing and toss again.  Serve immediately.
461,Lowfat Date Yogurt Shake,,1,,5,0,0,The California Date Administrative Committee," Quick and easy for breakfast on the run.  Lowfat Date Yogurt Shake uses traditional breakfast ingredients for a filling, satisfying meal. "," Combine dates, banana and orange juice in blender and puree until dates are finely chopped.  Add yogurt and ice; blend until just combined. "
507,Vegetable Packets,,4,,10,30,0,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,," Cut heavy duty foil into four squares.  Divide the vegetables between the foil.  Top with a teaspoon of margarine and season to taste.  Wrap up in four packages, making sure that they are all well sealed.  Cook over medium-hot coals for 20-30 minutes. "
508,Brown Rice Royal,,6,,5,10,0,USA Rice Council,Leftover brown rice makes an easy side dish when combined with fresh vegetables.,Cook mushrooms and onions in oil until tender.  Add rice.  Toss lightly.  Heat thoroughly.
274,Claret Spiced Oranges,,4,,10,10,240,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day," Refreshing, bright and definitely special. "," Place orange sections in bowl.  In saucepan, combine the remaining ingredients, bring to a boil and simmer 5 minutes.  Pour hot syrup over the oranges.  Let cool and refrigerate about 4 hours or overnight.  Remove whole spices and serve cold. "
275,Poached Pear,with Raspberry Yogurt Mint Sauce,6,,20,70,90,The American Cancer Society,The contrasting colors of the poached pears and the sauce that accompanies them make an eye-pleasing plate.," In large, stainless steel saucepan, combine wine, water, orange juice and next 5 ingredients.  Place over high heat and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to medium-low; add pears.  Poach pears in simmering liquid 35 to 40 minutes until tender.  Remove pears from liquid and set aside to cool.  Cook poaching liquid over high heat until reduced to 1/2 cup; remove from heat and cool to room temperature.
 
In food processor or blender, puree raspberries with cooled poaching liquid.  Add yogurt and mint; process until blended.  Refrigerate raspberry mixture until well chilled.  To serve, accompany pears with raspberry yogurt mint sauce. "
276,Pistachio Berry Vineyard Pears,,4,,25,35,20,The California Pistachio Commission,This pretty dessert features poached pears rolled in chopped pistachios and served over a rich wine and berry sauce.  Voila!," Pare pears, leaving stems; core from bottom.  Place in saucepan, add approximately 2-inches water; cover pan and bring to boil.  Simmer 10 minutes or until tender but not mushy.  Drain and cool.  For sauce, combine Cabernet (or any other full-bodied red wine), sugar, orange zest and vanilla bean in wide saucepan.  Bring to boil uncovered.  Boil about 15 minutes, evaporating sauce until reduced to approximately 1 cup.  Discard orange zest and vanilla bean.  Add berries and cook 1 minute; cool.  To serve, roll pears in pistachios to coat.  Spoon sauce into shallow dessert bowls.  Stand pears in sauce.  Put mint leaves onto pear stems.

Note:  Blackberries may be substituted for raspberries. "
277,Open Sesame Blueberry Pie,,8,1 10-inch pie,20,40,0,North American Blueberry Council,," In a large bowl, combine sugar, cornstarch, orange peel, nutmeg, cardamom and orange juice.  Add blueberries; toss well and set aside.  Prepare pie crust mix as label directs.  Roll into a 12-inch circle, 1/8th-inch thick.  Pour blueberry mixture into an unlined deep 10-inch pie plate.  Dot with butter.  Top with pastry; turn under and flute edges.  Make slits in pastry for steam to escape.  Brush with milk.  Sprinkle with sesame seeds.  Bake in preheated 425 degree F.  oven for 40 minutes or until crust is browned and juice begins to bubble through slits.  Serve warm or cool.  Cut into 8 pieces.

Note:  If fresh blueberries are unavailable, use dry-pack frozen blueberries. "
278,Southern Sweet Potato Pie,,8,1 pie,15,40,0,The Sweet Potato Council of the U.S.,A traditional Southern dessert.," Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
 
Cream butter and sugar together.  Add eggs and stir.  Add sweet potatoes (if using canned sweet potatoes, do not use ones packed in syrup) and mix well.
Stir in milk, vanilla and salt, making sure all ingredients are thoroughly mixed.  Pour into pie shell and bake 40 minutes.  When using a commercially frozen pie shell, use a 9-inch deep dish shell.
 
Note:  This is a plain sweet potato pie.  For extra flavor you may want to fancy up the pie with the addition of 1/2 teaspoon each of cinnamon and nutmeg, or a tablespoon of grated lemon rind and t Tablespoons of lemon juice.  This pie can also be made without using a crust.  Pour ingredients into a buttered 9-inch pie plate and bake 40 minutes at 375 degrees F.  or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. "
279,Cantaloupe-Ginger Sorbet,,8,,20,10,270,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,," Make Simple Syrup by cooking sugar, water and ginger in heavy small saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves, swirling pan occasionally.  Increase heat and bring to boil.  Immediately remove from heat.  Cool completely.  Strain out ginger.  Refrigerate until ready to use (can be prepared up to 2 weeks in advance).

Peel, seed and dice cantaloupe.  Measure 3 cups flesh.  Puree in food processor until very smooth.  You should have 2 1/2 cups puree.  Blend melon puree, simple syrup and lemon juice.  Transfer to ice cream maker and process according to manufacturer's directions.  Transfer to container and freeze (can be prepared 1 day ahead). "
280,Sauteed Apple Slices,with Apricot Sauce,8,,15,3,30,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A great way to spruce up apples.," For apricot sauce:  Combine dried apricots in bowl with enough hot water to cover and let stand 10 minutes to soften.  Drain thoroughly.
 
In food processor with steel knife blade, puree apricots in work bowl 10 seconds.  Add drained canned apricots and blend 20 seconds.  With machine running, add 1/4 cup water and mix well (consistency should be thick but
flowing; add remaining water if necessary).  Transfer to container.  Cover tightly and chill until 15 minutes before serving time.
 
For apples:  Combine apple slices, sugar and vanilla in large skillet.  Place over high heat and cook, tossing mixture with spatula, until apples are tender but still crisp, about 3 minutes.
 
Spoon 3 tablespoons apricot sauce on each dessert plate.  Arrange 6 warm apple slices on top.  Serve immediately. "
281,Possible Pumpkin Pie,,8,1,15,55,0,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,An easy-to-make crustless pie.," Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Spray a 9-inch deep dish pie plate with nonstick cooking spray.  Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl or food processor.  Blend until smooth.  Pour into a prepared pie plate.  Bake for 50 to 55 minutes until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.

Note:  You may substitute 1 pound canned pumpkin for the 2 cups cooked pumpkin. "
283,Frozen Nectarine Yogurt,,6,,15,10,180,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A summer time alternative to store bought frozen yogurt.," Combine nectarines, water and honey in saucepan; cook over medium-high heat until nectarines are soft.  Remove from heat.  Puree in blender or food processor.  Stir in lemon juice, vanilla and apple juice.  Chill until cool.  Whisk yogurt into nectarine mixture.  Pour into an 8 X 8-inch pan and freeze until crystals form around edges, about 45 minutes.  Stir crystals into middle of pan and return to freezer.  When lightly frozen through, whip mixture until light in color.  Spoon into storage container and freeze until firm.  Let soften at room temperature 10 minutes before serving. "
426,Armenian Spinach Plum Salad,,4,,15,0,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Combine first 6 ingredients to make Armenian Dressing.  Dry spinach leaves and tear into bite-sized pieces.  Combine spinach, cucumber, onion, parsley, pistachios and plums in salad bowl.  Toss with Armenian Dressing or commercial low-calorie dressing and serve. "
439,Creamy Vegetable Dip,,16,1 cup,5,0,60,New York State Department of Argiculture and Markets,," In a small bowl, whisk mayonnaise until smooth.  

Stir in yogurt, oregano salt, pepper and garlic.  

Cover and chill for 1 hour before serving.  

Serve with raw vegetables for dipping. "
499,Honeydew Melon Shake,,2,,5,0,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",," In blender or food processor blend all ingredients thoroughly.  

Variation:  For strawberry melon flavor blend in 1 cup frozen strawberries and add another teaspoon sugar. "
284,Lemony Poached Golden Apples,,6,,10,35,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Remove peel around top half of each apple.  Combine remaining ingredients; bring to boil.  Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes.  Place apples in hot juice.  Cover and simmer about 15 minutes or until apples are tender but still hold their shape.  Baste and rotate apples frequently.  Remove apples with slotted spoon; halve each apple and place in individual serving dishes.  Strain juice and return to pan.  Boil until juice is reduced to 1 cup; serve warm over warm apples. "
285,Old-Fashioned Peach Cobbler,,6,,10,27,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A lower fat version of a traditional cobbler.," For cobbler dough, combine flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, baking powder and salt.  Cut in butter with pastry blender until mixture is in coarse crumbs.  Add milk and egg, stirring just to moisten.  Set aside.  For filling, combine remaining sugar and remaining ingredients in saucepan.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until peaches are tender and syrup thickens, about 5 to 7 minutes.  Pour into 9-inch square pan.  Drop cobbler dough by spoonfuls onto hot fruit filling.  Bake in 400 degree F.  oven 20 minutes or until golden.  Serve warm. "
286,Pear Zinfandel Ice,,4,,15,0,240,The California Tree Fruit Agreement," An easy to make, light ending for any meal. "," In blender or food processor, puree pears, Zinfandel, sugar and water.  Freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.  Garnish with fresh basil, if desired.
 
Note:  You may omit freezing in ice cream maker and freeze in a loaf pan.  Thirty minutes before serving, process in blender or food processor and refreeze until serving. "
287,Banana Kiwi Pudding,,4,,10,20,30,USA Rice Council,," Cook rice and milk in 2-quart saucepan over medium heat until thick and creamy (about 15 to 20 minutes), stirring frequently.  Remove from heat; cool.  Stir in vanilla and sugar substitute.  Just before serving, fold in banana and whipped cream.  Garnish with kiwi slices.

Note:  Use sugar substitute to equal 2 tablespoons of sugar. "
288,It's The Berries Pie,,6,1 pie,10,10,205,The American Egg Board,," In covered blender container, blend cheese, raspberries and vanilla at medium speed until smooth.  Set aside.
 
In medium saucepan, stir together gelatin and sugar.  Stir in milk and eggs until thoroughly blended.  Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat a metal spoon and reaches 160 degrees F.  Remove from heat.  Stir in reserved berry mixture.  Chill, stirring occasionally, until mixture mounds slightly when dropped from spoon, about 20 to 25 minutes.
 
Pour into crust.  Chill until firm, several hours or overnight.  Garnish with fresh raspberries and mint leaves, if desired. "
289,Nectarine Carrot Picnic Cake,,10,1 cake,20,50,60,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A great special occasion cake.," Mix dry ingredients in large bowl.  Add eggs, oil and vanilla.  Mix together to form batter.  Stir in carrot, nectarines and walnuts.  Pour into well-greased and floured 7 or 7 1/2-cup mold or 9-inch ring mold.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven 50 minutes or until wooden pick inserted into center comes out dry.  Cool 10 to 15 minutes in pan, then invert and cool on rack.  Sprinkle top with powdered sugar, if desired.  Cake may be wrapped and frozen. "
290,Nectarine Lime Sorbet,,8,,10,10,240,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," In large saucepan heat apple juice and sugar until sugar dissolves.  Cool.  In large bowl, mix nectarines with limeade concentrate.  Stir fruit mixture into sugar mixture.  Freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.  (Or freeze in loaf pan.) Thirty minutes before serving, process in blender or food processor and refreeze until serving.

Note:  If limeade is not available, substitute lemonade concentrate. "
291,Strawberry Sorbet,,6,2 cups,15,5,255," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",," Combine water and sugar in small saucepan and bring to a boil until sugar dissolves.
 
Pour strawberries and their juice into a food mill and force mixture through into a bowl.  Combine strawberry puree and sugar and water mixture in a bowl, cover and chill.
 
Freeze mixture in an ice cream freezer following manufacturer's directions.  If you don't have an ice cream freezer, pour the mixture into an ice cube tray or other shallow pan and place on a level surface in the freezer.  When crystals begin to form around the edge of the mixture, beat it vigorously with a small whip.  Return to the freezer.  Repeat one or two more times until the mixture is smooth.  Cover and place in freezer until firm. "
292,Peach Oatmeal Cookies,,12,3 dozen,20,15,10,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Beat eggs with vanilla extract, margarine and sugars in mixing bowl.  Combine flour, salt and baking powder.  Add to egg mixture and beat at low speed 2 or 3 minutes or until smooth.  Stir in oats, peaches and raisins.  Chill.  Drop by tablespoon onto nonstick baking sheet.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven 10 to 15 minutes or until golden. "
293,Apricot Applesauce Cake,,12,1 cake,20,40,10,The California Apricot Advisory Board,A cake filled with wonderful flavor that goes together quickly and travels easily.," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.

Grease a 12-cup bundt pan or tube pan.  Combine flours, allspice and baking soda; set aside.  In a large bowl, with mixer at low speed, cream sugar and shortening; beat in applesauce and eggs until fluffy.  Add flour mixture; beat at medium speed 2 minutes, scraping bowl occasionally.  Stir in apricots and almonds.  Pour batter into pan and bake 35 to 40 minutes until top springs back when lightly touched with finger.  Cool cake in pan 10 minutes; invert onto serving platter and dust lightly with confectioner's sugar. "
294,Grape Frozen Yogurt,,4,,15,5,335,The California Table Grape Commission,," Puree 3 cups grapes; set aside.  Coarsely chop remaining grapes; set aside.
Pour water into small saucepan; sprinkle with gelatin.  Let stand 5 minutes.  Cook and stir over low heat until gelatin dissolves.  Place mixture in bowl.  Combine yogurt and vanilla; gradually add to gelatin mixture and stir until smooth.  Add sugar; mix thoroughly.  Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes.  Add pureed grapes; stir until well blended.  Pour into ice cream freezer; freeze according to manufacturers directions.  Halfway through freezing process, add reserved chopped grapes.  Allow frozen yogurt to ripen for 1 hour. "
418,Applesauce the Easy Way,,6,,10,10,0,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," Do not peel apples.  Cook apples in water for 10 minutes or until tender.  Use a food mill or sieve to avoid waste.  The natural sauce without sugar is preferred by many.  

Variation:  Instead of sugar, sweeten with 2 tablespoons honey. "
456,Very Berry Salad,,8,,10,0,30,The Texas Department of Agriculture,,Combine berries in a large bowl.  Add yogurt and almond extract and carefully mix with berries.  Garnish with mint leaves.  Chill until serving time.
460,Green Bean Almond Rice,,8,,10,35,0,USA Rice Council,An easy way to spice up cooked rice with more vegetables.," Melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat.  Add almonds; stir until lightly browned.  Add onions and red pepper; cook for 2 minutes or until tender.  Add rice, green beans, white pepper and tarragon.  Stir until thoroughly heated. "
295,Fresh Plum Souffle,,8,,20,5,270,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,An elegant summer dessert that's great for entertaining.," Combine wine, orange and lemon juices in small bowl.  Sprinkle gelatin over liquid to soften.  Whirl plums in blender to get 3 cups puree.  Combine plum puree with 1/2 cup sugar in saucepan.  Cook over medium-high heat, stirring often, until mixture almost comes to a boil.  Add gelatin mixture and stir until dissolved.  Cool.  Beat egg whites with salt until frothy.  Gradually beat in remaining 1/4 cup sugar and continue to beat until soft peaks form.  Whip cream.  Gently fold whipped cream and cooled plum mixture into egg whites.  Spoon into 2-quart souffle dish or smaller dish with collar fastened on.  Chill 4 hours or until firm.  Remove collar and decorate with extra plum wedges and whipped cream, if desired. "
296,California Summer Fruit Tart,,6,1 tart,20,10,80,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A dessert that looks as good as it tastes.," Combine first 6 ingredients in saucepan.  Cook, stirring, over medium heat until mixture comes to a boil and is thickened.  Boil gently, stirring constantly, 1 minute.  Cool to lukewarm, then whisk in yogurt until smooth.  Pour into prepared tart shell.  Halve and pit or core fruit.  Place halves, cut side down; thinly slice leaving all slices connected at one end, like a fan.  Fan out fruit on top of filling.  Glaze with sieved peach or apricot jam.  Chill until ready to serve.
To prevent fruit slices from browning, dip into 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 cup water. "
297,Very Berry Meringues,,6,,15,60,480,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,," Beat egg whites at high speed until foamy.  Sprinkle cream of tartar, salt and vanilla over egg whites.  Beat until soft peaks form.  Add sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beat until stiff peaks form.  Drop meringue mixture (1/2 cupfuls) onto aluminum foil lined baking sheet.  Quickly smooth meringue center by pushing excess to edges.  Bake at 225 degrees F.  for 1 hour.  Turn oven off, let cool for 8 hours in oven.  Combine fruit; spoon 1/2 cup into each shell, top with whipped cream, if desired.  Serve immediately. "
298,Fresh Apricot Ice Cream,,16,2 quarts,15,15,240,The California Apricot Advisory Board,This no cholesterol ice cream is amazingly apricot-creamy with only 90 calories per serving.," Combine skim milk and gelatin in large saucepan.  Heat, stirring often until gelatin dissolves.  Add sugar and heat until it dissolves.  Using a wire whip, stir in apricots, apricot nectar, yogurt and vanilla.  Pour mixture into canister of ice cream maker and assemble the machine.  Make alternate layers of ice and salt (use whatever type your machine calls for) around the canister.  Churn 20 to 30 minutes or until softly frozen.  Pack into containers and freeze.  For the best flavor, let ice cream soften slightly before serving. "
299,Peach and Blueberry Crisp,,6,,60,20,5,USA Rice Council,Brown rice adds texture and fiber.," Combine rice, peaches, blueberries and 2 tablespoons sugar.  Coat 6 individual custard cups or 1-1/2-quart baking dish with cooking spray.  Place rice mixture in cups or baking dish; set aside.  Combine bran, flour, walnuts, cinnamon and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in mixing bowl.  Cut in margarine with pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal.  Sprinkle over rice mixture.  Bake at 375 degrees F.  15 to 20 minutes or until thoroughly heated.  Serve warm.

Microwave instructions:  Prepare as directed using microwave-proof baking dish.  Cook uncovered on HIGH (100% power) 4 to 5 minutes, rotating dish once
during cooking time.  Let stand 5 minutes.  Serve warm. "
301,Oh-So-Cool Lime Whip,with Orange Custard Sauce,4,,15,15,275,The American Egg Board,A tangy molded dessert that adds color and texture to meals.," In small saucepan, stir together sugar and gelatin.  Stir in water.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until gelatin is dissolved, about 5 minutes.  Stir in peel, juice and food color, if desired, until blended.  Chill, stirring occasionally, until mixture mounds when dropped from spoon.
 
In small mixing bowl, beat egg whites with cream of tartar at high speed just until whites no longer slip when bowl is tilted.  Gently, but thoroughly, fold gelatin mixture into whites.  Pour into 1-quart mold or 4 (8 to 10-ounce) dessert dishes.  Chill until firm, several hours or overnight.  Just before serving, unmold onto dessert plate(s).
 
To make Orange Custard Sauce:
In small saucepan, beat together egg yolks, milk and sugar.  Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat a metal spoon and reaches 160 degrees F.  Remove from heat.  Stir in orange juice concentrate.  Cool quickly by setting pan in bowl of ice or cold water and stirring for a few minutes.  Cover and chill thoroughly.  Spoon sauce around rim of plate(s) or pass sauce.  Garnish with lime slices, if desired. "
303,Buffalo Bread,,12,1 bread,20,60,60,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,A quick bread with dates and nuts.," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.

Mix together the dates, baking soda and boiling water.  Add the egg and syrup and mix well.  Beat in remaining ingredients.  Pour into a greased bread pan and bake for one hour or until done; cool.  Slice into 12 pieces. "
305,Nectarine-Strawberry Shortcake Torte,,8,1 cake,15,25,105,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," For cake:  Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.  In large bowl, beat baking mix, eggs, milk, sugar, lemon peel and lemon juice until just combined, about 30 seconds.  Pour into greased 9-inch tart or cake pan.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes
or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.  Cool on wire rack 10 minutes; turn out on rack to cool completely.
 
For filling:  In medium bowl, beat cheese and powdered sugar until smooth.  Puree 3 nectarines and all but 5 strawberries.  Beat fruit puree into cheese mixture.  In 1-cup glass measure, sprinkle gelatin over water.  Microwave on HIGH 25 to 30 seconds; stir to dissolve.  Stir into fruit-cheese mixture.  Refrigerate until slightly thickened.  Spread over top of cake layer.  Slice remaining nectarine and arrange on top.  Garnish with remaining 5 strawberries and mint sprigs, if desired.  Refrigerate until ready to serve. "
309,Tart Cherry Salad Mold,,6,,10,10,120,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," Drain fruit, reserve juices.  Add water to juices to make 1 5/8 cup liquid.  Place in saucepan and add sugar.  

Bring to boil and stir in gelatin until dissolved.  Add fruit and ginger ale, nuts and coconut.  Pour into 1-quart mold.  Chill until set.  Unmold onto plate. "
427,Honey Sesame Dressing,,12,3/4 cup,5,0,0,The Florida Tomato Committee," This easy, quick dressing is very versatile. "," Combine all ingredients in a small bowl; stir well, cover and chill.
 "
747,-Cucumbers-,,4,,10,0,0,,,Peel cucumbers.  Slice and serve cold.
775,-Pears-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve raw whole or sliced; in fruit salads or dessert dishes.
Can also be poached. "
776,-Persimmons-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Can be eaten out-of-hand, or peeled as thinly as possible and cut into fruit salads and desserts. "
780,-Stewed Rhubarb-,,4,,10,15,0,,," Not to be eaten raw.  

Simmer rhubarb, uncovered in water and sugar syrup about 15 minutes until crisp-tender.  Serve in syrup.  Flavor with 1 teaspoon finely grated orange or lemon rind. "
307,Blueberry Snack Bars,,16,16 bars,10,55,30,Texas Department of Agriculture,," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
 
Mix 1 cup flour, the butter and powdered sugar until smooth.  Spread over the bottom of an 8-inch square pan.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes.  Mix eggs, sugar, blueberries, coconut (if desired), remaining 1/4 cup flour, lemon juice, vanilla, baking powder, cinnamon and salt.  Spread over top of baked cookie base.  Bake 30 minutes.  Cool.  Cut into 2-inch bars. "
308,Sherry Nectarine Sorbet,,8,1,10,10,240,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," In large saucepan, heat juice and sugar until sugar dissolves.  Cool.  In large bowl, combine nectarines and sherry.  Stir fruit mixture into sugar mixture.  Freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.  (Or freeze in loaf pan instead.) Thirty minutes before serving, process in blender or food processor and refreeze until serving. "
310,Quick Plum Buttermilk Loaf,,10,1 loaf,10,50,60,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A quick bread with the taste of summer fruit.," Combine all ingredients in bowl; stir until blended.  Pour into greased 
8 1/2-inch loaf pan or 5-cup ring mold.  Bake in 375 degree F.  oven 40 to 50 minutes or until pick inserted in center comes out dry.  Cool in pan on rack
10 minutes, then turn out onto rack and cool completely. "
311,Peach Blueberry Crisp,,8,,15,25,10,The American Cancer Society,A healthy version of a summer delight.," In 8-cup baking dish, combine peaches and blueberries.  In a small bowl, combine sugar, flour and 2 teaspoons cinnamon; add to fruit and toss to mix.
Combine rolled oats, sugar and cinnamon; with pastry blender or two knives cut in butter until crumbly.  Sprinkle over top of fruit mixture.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven for 25 minutes or microwave on HIGH for 10 minutes or until mixture is bubbling and fruit is barely tender.  Serve warm or cold. "
312,Swiss Blueberry Fool,,8,,15,10,0,North American Blueberry Council,An easy old fashioned summer dessert that can be made anytime of year with frozen blueberries.," Fry the diced bread in the butter until nicely browned and crisp on all sides.  With a fork, crush blueberries in a bowl.  Add the bread and sugar and blend.  Mix in milk.  Spoon into individual serving dishes and chill.  Serve with whipped cream (optional) and a brimming bowl of fresh blueberries that have been rolled in sugar. "
417,Quick Kiwifruit Refresher,,1,,5,0,0,New Zealand Fruit Company,,Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend just until kiwifruit is pureed but seeds are not broken up.  Taste; add more sugar if necessary.  Serve over ice.
419,Brussels Sprouts with Peppers and Potatoes,,6,,10,13,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A winter combination chock full of nutrition.," In a large nonstick skillet, melt margarine or vegetable oil over medium heat; cook onion, potato and bay leaf, stirring often, for 2 to 3 minutes or until onion is softened.  

Add Brussels sprouts, red pepper and stock; cover and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until sprouts and potatoes are tender (add water if necessary to prevent scorching).  

Season with pepper to taste.  Serve sprinkled with parsley or green onion. "
420,Tomato-Cucumber Relish,,4,,15,7,120,The Florida Tomato Committee,A great accompaniment to grilled foods.," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Set aside cut tomatoes, which should equal about 2 cups.  Peel cucumbers; cut in halves lengthwise and scoop out seeds using a teaspoon.  Cut cucumbers in 1/2-inch pieces (makes about 1 1/2 cups); set aside.  In a small saucepan combine water, vinegar, salt, celery seed, mustard, sugar and red pepper.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 2 minutes.  Remove from heat.  In a medium bowl combine green pepper, green onion and reserved tomatoes and cucumbers.  Stir in vinegar mixture.  Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. "
421,Idaho Potato Cream Sauce,,4,2 cups,10,15,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,Substitute this creamy lowfat version of cream sauce instead of the fatty kind.," In small saucepan, combine potato and water.  Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer until potato is tender, about 10 minutes.  Using an electric hand mixer, blend potatoes until smooth.  Stir in 1/2 cup milk along with the remaining seasoning, blending until smooth and adding additional milk to reach a cream sauce consistency. "
422,Spicy Cranberry and Peach Salad Mold,,8,,5,15,120,The Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,A Thanksgiving alternative.," Drain peaches, reserving juice.  Measure juice and add water to make 1 1/2 cups liquid in all.  Combine with the sugar, vinegar, and spices.  Bring to a boil and simmer 5 minutes.  Add sliced peaches and simmer 5 minutes longer.  Remove peaches and spices from syrup.  Measure syrup and add boiling water
to make 2 1/2 cups in all.  Dissolve the gelatin in this.  Add the cold water.  Cool.  Chill until the consistency of heavy syrup.  Break the canned cranberry sauce into small chunks with a fork.  Add the peaches and cranberries to the gelatin.  Turn into a 10"" x 6"" cakepan.  Chill until firm.  Cut into squares and serve on lettuce. "
423,Confetti Appleslaw,,7,,15,0,30,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A healthy improvement on premade slaw.," In a large bowl, stir together juice concentrate and diced apple.  Add cabbage, onion, pepper and raisins.  In a small bowl, stir together mayonnaise, yogurt, mustard, paprika and pepper.  Add to vegetable mixture.  Cover tightly and refrigerate until ready to serve.

Note:  In place of orange juice concentrate you may use apple juice concentrate. "
424,Garden Soup,,8,,10,45,0,The Potato Board,," In large, heavy, non-stick kettle or Dutch oven, cook onion in margarine.  Add remaining ingredients and 5 cups water.  Cover and simmer 40 minutes or until vegetables are tender.  Serve as is, or puree in an electric blender and reheat. "
425,Glazed Fruit Kabobs,,4,,10,18,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Alternate fruit on skewers.  Combine sugar, rum extract, water and cornstarch in saucepan.  Heat to boil, stirring constantly.  Cook until thick and clear.  Place skewers in shallow pan.  Brush with glaze mixture.  (This much may be done ahead.) Place skewers over medium coals, about 4 to 5 inches from heat.  Barbecue 6 to 8 minutes or until hot, turning once.  Brush occasionally with glaze. "
441,Yogurt Potato Salad,,8,,30,0,90,The Potato Board,," In large bowl, combine yogurt, mustard and horseradish.  Add remaining ingredients; toss to mix well.  Refrigerate to chill. "
614,Western Beans and Rice,,6,,10,20,0,USA Rice Council,," In large skillet, cook onions and celery in oil until tender.  Stir in tomato sauce, water, seasonings, and beans.  Heat thoroughly.  Serve over hot rice.
Note:  any type of beans may be used in this recipe. "
654,Squash Stuffed with Rice,,8,,10,50,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Preheat oven 350 degrees F.  Halve and seed the squash.  Combine rice, walnuts, cracker meal, onion, egg whites, sage, nutmeg, parsley, brown sugar and black pepper.  Spoon mixture loosely into squash halves.  Bake in foil-covered pan until squash is tender, about 60 minutes. "
428,Mushrooms Oriental,,4,,10,10,0,The American Mushroom Institute,Steam sauteing gives these mushrooms the taste of sauteing without the calories," Rinse and pat dry mushrooms; slice or quarter.  In large skillet bring all ingredients except green onion to a boil.  Cover and cook for 2 minutes.  Uncover and cook until flavors penetrate mushrooms, 2 to 3 minutes stirring occasionally.  Sprinkle with green onion.  Serve as a side dish or over cooked chicken, fish, vegetables, pasta, etc. "
429,Chinese Broccoli and Almonds,,4,,60,10,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,This can be an entire meal or a great side dish for chicken or fish.," In large skillet, heat oil; saute onion and garlic until onion is transparent.  Add broccoli, chicken broth and vinegar.  Mix cornstarch with soy sauce, stir into skillet; bring to a boil, boil 1 minute.  Just before serving stir in almonds and pimiento.  Spoon topping over each blossomed potato. "
430,Tangy Strawberry Soup,,6,,10,6,180,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,Great for a luncheon or dinner starter.," Wash strawberries, reserving 6 for garnish.  Hull remaining berries.  Puree strawberries in blender or food processor.  Add orange juice, tapioca and cinnamon; process for 10 seconds.  Pour strawberry mixture into a 3 quart glass casserole dish.  Microwave on HIGH for 5 to 6 minutes or until tapioca is transparent.  Stir in buttermilk, sugar, lemon juice, and lemon rind.  Cover and chill 3 hours or overnight.  When ready to serve, ladle soup into melon halves.  Garnish with yogurt and reserved strawberries. "
432,St. Tropez Vegetables in Parchment,,6,,20,40,0,The California Pistachio Commission,California pistachios are sprinkled atop vegetable bundles baked in parchment for a stunning side dish.," Spread out six squares (about 15 x 15-inch each) parchment paper on counter.  Divide squash, tomatoes and onion evenly and stack on each square.  Sprinkle with basil, pepper and garlic.  To seal ingredients inside, bring together opposite sides of parchment square; fold down tightly.  Next, fold ends under to seal in juices.  Place in shallow pan and bake at 400 degrees F., 40 minutes or until done.  To check peek into one bundle and check firmness and temperature.  (Be careful of steam.) Sprinkle vegetables with pistachios before serving. "
433,Squash and Pepper Salad,,4,,10,4,0,The Minnesota Department of Agriculture,A quick and easy summertime side dish salad.," Drop squash into a pot of boiling water.  Boil 2-4 minutes.  Run cold water over squash to cool.  Cut into thin coins.  Cut daikon into thin rounds and combine with squash and peppers (use yellow, green or red).  Drizzle french dressing lightly over vegetables and serve. "
434,Sherried Sweet Potatoes,with Pecans,6,,5,50,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture,A Southern side dish that's always delicious.," Boil the sweet potatoes in salted water until they are tender.  Peel and cut in thick slices.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  In a bowl, combine the honey, orange juice, orange rind and sherry.  Place a layer of sweet potatoes in a baking dish, cover it with some of the honey mixture and sprinkle generously with pecans.  Repeat layers of potatoes, liquid and pecans until the casserole is filled.  Pour the remaining juice over the top, sprinkle with nuts and dot with butter.  Cover and bake for 30 minutes, or until the juice has been absorbed by the potatoes and the top is browned. "
436,Hot Gazpacho,,9,9 cups,15,10,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,A quick to make delicious starter for dinner or a light lunch.," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Cut out stem ends of tomatoes.  Dice tomatoes (makes about 5 cups).  In a large saucepan combine tomatoes with juice, cucumbers, green onion, vinegar, garlic powder, salt and sugar.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer, covered until tomatoes are soft, about 5 minutes.  Serve hot topped with croutons if desired. "
437,Texas Cabbage Fruit Salad,,8,,15,0,60,The Texas Department of Agriculture,A tangy sweet crunchy salad.," Mix together cabbage, pineapple, grapes, almonds, and celery.  For dressing:  Thin the yogurt with reserved pineapple juice.  Add sweetener to taste.  Dressing will be tangy sweet.  Pour over salad and toss.  Refrigerate until serving time.

Note:  You can substitute red cabbage and green seedless grapes. "
438,Black and White Bean Salad,,8,,15,75,60,The California Beef Council,A colorful high protein salad.," In a medium bowl, mix all ingredients.  Serve cold or at room temperature.  May be refrigerated up to two days.  

NOTE:  One cup of dry beans will yield 2 cup cooked.  Cook black and white beans separately.  To cook beans; place in saucepan; cover with cold water.  Bring to a boil; boil 2 minutes.  Cover and let sit 1 hour; drain and rinse.  Cover with fresh water.  Bring to a boil; cover and simmer 1 hour or until tender.  Drain and rinse.  

In a hurry? Substitute canned black and white beans for freshly cooked dried beans.  Rinse and drain beans before using.  No cooking is needed. "
440,Tangy Cucumber Salad,,6,,15,0,80,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,," Dissolve gelatin and salt in boiling water.  Add cold water, vinegar, onion, and green pepper.  Stir in black pepper and chill until slightly thickened.  Fold in diced tomato and cucumber.  Pour in 1-quart mold, which has been well- greased.  Chill until firm.  Unmold on lettuce leaves. "
443,Steamed Sweet Potatoes,with Yogurt Herb Sauce,4,,5,18,0,The Sweet Potato Council of California,," Steam sweet potatoes just until tender, about 6 to 10 minutes.  To prepare sauce, melt margarine in small saucepan.  Add onion, garlic, dill, paprika, salt and pepper.  Cook until onion is tender.  Remove from heat.  Stir in yogurt and lemon juice.  Cook over low heat until heated through, about 1 minute.  Pour sauce over potatoes and stir to coat.  Sprinkle with parsley.  Serve immediately.
 
To microwave:  In ungreased 1 1/2-quart microwave safe casserole, microwave sweet potatoes for 4 to 5 minutes on HIGH power.  In small glass bowl, microwave margarine 30 seconds on HIGH until melted.  Add onion, garlic, dill, paprika, salt and pepper.  Microwave on HIGH for 3 minutes or until onion is tender.  Stir in yogurt and lemon juice.  Microwave on HIGH for 40 seconds more or until heated through.  Pour sauce over potatoes and stir to coat.  Sprinkle with parsley.  Serve immediately. "
485,Slimline Blue Cheese Dressing and Dip,,20,1 1/2 cups,10,0,30,Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board,," In a small bowl stir together yogurt and milk.  Mix in onions, blue cheese, garlic, herbs, and salt.  Cover and chill 30 minutes or more to blend flavors.  Serve as a dressing for salads or a dip for vegetable chunks. "
503,Puree of Potatoes and Parsnips,,8,,10,25,0,The California Beef Council,," Place parsnips, potatoes, onion and garlic in saucepan.  Add cold water; cover.  Bring to a boil, cook until vegetables are tender (about 20 minutes); drain.  Puree with hand-held blender or mash with a potato ricer.  Season to taste with salt and pepper. "
506,Tomatillo Relish,,6,3 cups,15,20,0,Texas Department of Agriculture,," Sweat shallots and garlic in olive oil.  Add tomatillos and tomatoes.  Season with tarragon, salt, pepper, butter and cognac.  Simmer for 10-15 minutes.
 
The fat content of this recipe will vary depending upon how much olive oil is used. "
444,Zucchini,with Lemon and Parmesan,2,,10,3,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,Jazzed up zucchini sticks - a perfect side dish for any pizza.," Cut 1 pound small zucchini into quarters lengthwise, then in half crosswise.  In 10-inch skillet heat 1/2 teaspoon olive oil over medium-high heat.  Add zucchini and 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon peel; cook stirring frequently, until zucchini is lightly browned and tender-crisp, about 3 minutes.  Toss with 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan cheese and freshly ground pepper to taste. "
445,Provencale Tomato and Potato Soup,,6,cups,15,40,0,The Florida Tomato Committee," A colorful soup, chockful of vitamins. "," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Dice tomatoes (makes about 3 cups); set aside.  In a medium saucepan heat oil until hot.  Add onion and garlic; saute until onion is transparent, about 5 minutes.  Add chicken broth, paprika, thyme, fennel and orange peel.  Bring to a boil.  Add potatoes and 1 1/2 cups of the reserved tomatoes.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.  Place half of vegetables and liquid in the container of an electric blender; whirl until smooth.  Repeat with remaining mixture.  Return all soup to saucepan.  Bring to a boil.  Add remaining 1 1/2 cups tomatoes.  Simmer, covered, until tomatoes are soft, about 5 minutes.  Add additional liquid if needed. "
446,Butternut Squash Souffle,,6,,20,60,30,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,," Cut squash in half lengthwise; remove seeds.  Place cut sides down in casserole dish; add 1/2 inch of hot water.  Cover and bake at 375 degrees F.  or 30 to 35 minutes or until tender.  Let cool for 30 minutes.  When cooled, carefully scoop out pulp and mash with potato masher.  (This should yield about 2 cups.) Stir squash together with oranges, margarine, flavoring and spice.  Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon colored.  Stir beaten yolks into squash mixture.  Beat egg whites (at room temperature) until stiff but not dry.  Gently fold in squash mixture.  Spoon into 6 ungreased 6-ounce souffle' dishes.  Bake at 375 degrees F.  for 20 minutes or until puffed and lightly browned.  Sprinkle each with toasted almonds and serve immediately. "
447,Mixed Sweet Bell Peppper & California Avocado Salad,,6,,15,10,15,The California Avocado Commission,," Over flame on gas stove or barbecue (or under broiler of oven) 'blister' bell peppers until the skin is dark and blistered.  While still warm put in plastic bags and seal tightly.  Leave for approximately 15 minutes (this will help with peeling the peppers).  Peel and seed the peppers, cut into small strips and reserve approximately 3 oz.  of each (red and green) for each serving of salad.  
In a bowl mix walnuts, olive oil, sherry wine vinegar, basil and cooled strips of red and green bell peppers.  Add corn to the mixture in bowl, mixing well.  

To serve, place bell pepper and corn mixture over lettuce leaves and top with fanned avocado slices.  Serve with bread sticks to the side. "
449,Fruit Soup,Sotsuppe (Scandinavian),18,,5,60,720,Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,," Soak dried fruits and tapioca overnight in water.  Next day add remaining ingredients.  Simmer until flavors blend, tapioca is clear, and soup is slightly thickened - about 1 hour.  Remove cinnamon stick before serving.  Serve warm or chilled.

Note:  For dried fruit, use a combination of prunes, peaches, apples, apricots and pears. "
450,Citrus Salad with California Avocado,,6,,30,15,0,The California Avocado Commission,," Slice corn tortillas into very thin strips.  Dry the strips by placing on a cookie sheet and baking in a preheated 225 degree F.  oven for approximately 15 minutes.  Set aside.  

Grate the oranges to obtain approximately 2 teaspoons of orange rind for each serving.  Set aside.  Peel oranges and grapefruits section and seed.  Set sections aside.  

In large bowl mix honey, raspberry vinegar, orange and grapefruit sections.  Add orange rinds and tortilla strips.  Toss all ingredients gently.  Top with avocado slices and a sprig of fresh mint for garnish. "
451,Pistachio-Stuffed Baked Apples,,6,,15,20,0,The California Pistachio Commission,," Mix pistachios, raisins, 2 tablespoons apple juice concentrate, vanilla, cinnamon, and nutmeg; reserve.  Remove apple core with a melon baller; do not break through bottom of the apple.  Fill each apple with pistachio filling.  Arrange apples in a shallow pan.  Bake apples at 375 degrees F.  basting once, until apples are barely tender when pierced with a knife, about 20 minutes.  Mix yogurt and honey to make sauce; serve with warm apples.

Microwave directions:  Prepare apples as directed above.  Cover dish with plastic wrap and microwave on 100% power (HIGH) until apples are barely tender, 4 to 7 minutes.  Let stand covered 2 minutes. "
452,Oriental Curry Veggies,,8,,15,2,60,The Minnesota Department of Agriculture,," Drop snow peas, baby corn and long beans into boiling water for 1-2 minutes until crisp tender.  Rinse with cold water and drain.  Serve other items raw.  Arrange on a platter and serve with a low-fat dip.

For Curry Dip:  Mix ingredients together.  Chill for one hour and serve with tray of vegetables.  The number you can serve depends on the amount of vegetables you prepare. "
453,California Avocado and Mushroom Salad,,6,,30,0,0,The California Avocado Commission,," In a large bowl, mix mustard, vinegar, olive oil, basil and the green and red bell peppers.  Set aside.  

Wash mushrooms and slice.  Add to the dressing mixture and marinate for approximately 10 minutes.  

Serve each salad portion on a leaf of butterhead lettuce.  Fan sliced California avocado on top of salad and serve with 2 sliced of grilled or toasted Italian bread to the side. "
454,Green Beans with Mushrooms,,4,,10,15,0,The American Mushroom Institute,An easy way to spruce up green beans.," Cook green beans according to directions on package; drain and place in a serving dish.  Keep hot.  Meanwhile, saute shallots or green onions in oil over medium heat until tender.  Add sliced mushrooms and lemon juice.  Cook, stirring constantly, until mushrooms are tender.
Combine paprika and flour.  Sprinkle over mushrooms and cook, stirring 1 minute.  Add mushrooms to green beans in serving dish and toss lightly to mix.

Note:  One tablespoon of finely chopped shallots may be substituted for the green onion. "
481,French Potato Salad,,4,,15,15,45,The Potato Board,," In medium saucepan, cook potatoes, covered, in 2 inches of boiling water just until tender, about 15 minutes.  Drain and cool potatoes.  In large bowl, whisk oil, vinegar, water, mustard and pepper.  Mix in onions, parsley and tarragon.  Add potatoes; toss lightly to coat.  Season with salt. "
489,Pear-Yogurt Shake,,3,,10,0,0,Canned Fruit Promotion Service," A quick, easy breakfast or snack. "," Combine pears, including liquid, yogurt, banana, ice and honey in blender or food processor; blend until smooth.  Pour into glasses; sprinkle nutmeg on top.  Serve immediately. "
495,Pistachio Fruits and Fun,,8,,15,0,60,The California Pistachio Commission,Serve this fresh fruit and pistachio salad for an extra special luncheon with friends.," Combine fruit and pistachios in bowl.  Stir lemonade concentrate with sugar vigorously.  Pour over fruit; toss gently to coat well.  Refrigerate until ready to serve, tossing now and then. "
455,Tomato Stuffed Potatoes,,8,,10,15,0,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture," When cooking potatoes, bake a few extra to make this an anytime side dish. ",Cut potatoes in half.  Scoop out and reserve shells.  Mix potato with other ingredients except cheese.  Return to potato shells.  Top with cheese.  Place in conventional or microwave oven till hot and cheese is melted.
457,Western Spinach Salad,,6,,20,10,0,The Canned Fruit Promotion Service,A salad course at dinner or a light lunch.," Drain peaches, reserving 1/4 cup liquid; save remainder for other uses.  Combine peaches, spinach, egg, tomato and croutons; toss to mix well.  Top with cheese and set aside.  Saute onions in oil.  Stir in reserved 1/4 cup peach liquid, vinegar, sugar, garlic powder, onion powder and celery seed; mix well.  Blend in nonfat yogurt and parsley.  Spoon over peach-spinach mixture and toss lightly to serve. "
458,Fast Pea Soup,,4,,10,10,60,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day," An easy to make cold soup, good anytime of year. "," Combine peas, onions, 1/4 cup of the chicken broth and dill in microwave safe dish.  Cover and cook on high till peas are extremely tender (8-10 minutes).  Cool, then add the rest of the chicken broth.  Pour half of the pea mixture into a food processor or blender and blend until smooth.  Transfer to another container and process the rest.  Cover the pea mixture and chill until serving time.  

With a wire whisk, blend in 8 ounces of yogurt.  Garnish each serving bowl with an extra dollop of yogurt, if desired. "
459,Potato Vegetable Salad,with Yogurt,6,,25,20,60,The National Cancer Institute,," Steam the potatoes until they are tender.  While they are cooling, steam the broccoli and cauliflower until slightly cooked, about 4 minutes.  Set the broccoli and cauliflower aside to cool.  Cut the carrots into thin slivers.  Slice the cucumber.  Cut the potatoes into chunks.  Gently, stir all the vegetables together in a large mixing bowl.  In another bowl, whisk together the yogurt, mustard, salt and pepper.  Pour the dressing over the vegetables and stir carefully until the dressing coats everything evenly.  Refrigerate for 1 hour before serving. "
463,Fresh Tomato Sauce,,8,4 cups,10,30,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,A burst of flavor when using ripe tomatoes.," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Cut out stem ends of tomatoes.  Dice tomatoes (makes about 7 1/2 cups); set aside.  In a large skillet heat oil until hot.  Add onion and garlic; saute until tender, about 3 minutes.  Add salt, Italian seasoning, black pepper, bay leaf and reserved tomatoes; bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until tomatoes turn to a broth, about 15 minutes, stirring often.  Add wine; continue to simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes longer.  Remove bay leaf.  Serve over fresh cooked pasta or vegetables. "
464,Slim Spud Slices,,1,,5,25,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,A slimmer alternative for french fried potatoes.," Cut potato into 1/4-inch thick lengthwise slices.  In a small bowl, combine remaining ingredients; brush potato slices on both sides.  Place on an ungreased baking sheet.  Bake in a 400 degree F.  oven 15 minutes; turn and bake 10 minutes longer or until tender.

Note:  Nutrition based on a 7 ounce potato. "
465,Spinach Balls,,36,36 balls,10,25,0,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,An easy make ahead appetizer that can be microwaved.," Place package of spinach in microwave oven.  Microwave on high 4 to 5 minutes or until defrosted.  Drain, pressing out excess liquid.  Mix spinach with remaining ingredients and shape into 1 inch balls.  Microwave right away:  2 minutes on high; 4-6 minutes at 50% power.  Or bake right away at 325 degrees F.  for approximately 20 minutes.  (Spinach balls may be frozen before baking, but no longer than 2 weeks.) "
466,Greek Stuffed Potato,,1,,15,70,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,A tasty nutritious ethnic twist for a stuffed potato.," Thaw the frozen spinach and squeeze until thoroughly dry.  Cut a crosswise slit in the top of the potato.  Carefully pull back skin and scoop out meat of potato into a small bowl.  Add spinach, cheeses and pepper; mix to combine.  Fill potato with mixture and bake 10 minutes longer. "
467,Apple-Grape Salad,,4,,5,5,90,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A versatile molded salad that's great for a side dish or dessert.," Soften gelatin in water for 5 minutes.  Heat gelatin over low heat, stirring constantly, until dissolved.  Add apple juice.  Chill until mixture begins to thicken.  Stir in fruit and celery.  Pour into 3-cup mold.  Chill until set. "
468,Green Apple-Tomatillo Sauce,,12,,20,55,0,The American Cancer Society,A great way to use tomatillos to make an out-of-the-ordinary green sauce.," Heat oil in saucepan.  Add onions, cook until translucent and add garlic and jalapeno.  Saute until onions start to brown, add tomatillos and apples.  Fill with stock and simmer 30 minutes.  Add cilantro and bring to a boil.  Blend to finish sauce.  Add boiled skim milk to base, season with salt and pepper.  Finish with apple cider and simmer for 10 minutes.  Pass through a fine strainer. "
469,Warm Broccoli-Potato Salad,,8,,15,25,0,The Potato Board,A warm salad with bright colors and fresh flavors.," Cook potatoes, covered, in 1 inch boiling water just until tender, 10-15 minutes.  Drain; keep warm.  Meanwhile, blanch broccoli in boiling water 1 minute.  Drain and add to potatoes.
 
In small saucepan combine juice, oil, vinegar, basil and garlic; bring to boiling.  Remove from heat.  Stir in pepper sauce; pour over potatoes and broccoli.  Add parsley and onions; toss to coat.  Add salt; toss.  Serve warm. "
470,Red Cabbage,,8,,15,22,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A sweet and sour dish with great color.," In a small saucepan, combine sugar, vinegar and cloves.  Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer 6 minutes.  Remove cloves.  Add onion and water and
simmer 5 more minutes.  

Place shredded cabbage in a large saucepan and pour hot vinegar solution over cabbage.  Cook until cabbage is hot and crisp-tender (5 to 6 minutes). "
575,Vegetable Pork Stir-Fry,,6,,20,8,0,USA Rice Council,," Brown pork strips in oil in large skillet over high heat.  Push meat to side of skillet; add vegetables.  Stir-fry vegetables approximately 3 minutes.  Combine broth, soy sauce, and cornstarch; add to skillet and cook until clear and thickened.  Serve over rice. "
725,-Boiled Fresh Snow Peas-,,4,,10,3,0,,," Wash pea pods, trim off ends and remove strings.  Bring to a boil in saucepan and cook for approximately 3 minutes.  Drain, season, and serve hot. "
737,-Creamed Corn-,,4,,2,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
765,-Kiwi Fruit-,,4,,10,0,0,,,Serve plain or peel and use in fruit salads or as a garnish.
789,-Canned Peaches-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
791,-Unsweetened Canned Pineapple-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
792,-Canned Fruit Cocktail-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
793,-Canned Plums-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
797,-Canned Grapefruit Slices-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
471,Cherry-Berry Conserve,,32,4 half-pints,10,45,720,The Northwest Cherry Growers,Make during the height of cherry season and use to brighten winter dishes.," Combine all ingredients except walnuts in saucepan.  Cook and stir over low heat until sugar dissolves.  Bring to boil over moderate heat; cook 20 to 25 minutes or until thickened.  Add walnuts about 5 minutes before removing from heat.  Ladle into clean hot canning jars to within 1/4 -inch of tops.  Seal according to jar manufacturer's directions.  Place jars on rack in canner.  Process 10 minutes in boiling water bath with boiling water two inches above jar tops.  Remove jars from canner.  Place on thick cloth or wire racks; cool away from drafts.  After 12 hours test lids for proper seal; remove rings from sealed jars.  

Tip:  To decorate jar lids, cut out round of fabric or paper using the lid for a pattern; place on lid and leave ring on. "
472,Cherry Ambrosia Salad,,8,,20,0,0,The Northwest Cherry Growers,," Layer fruit in salad bowl, sprinkle each layer with coconut.  Serve with Honey Citrus Dressing.  To make the Honey Citrus Dressing combine the Neufchatel cheese, honey, grated orange peel, salt and dash of cayenne pepper; blend thoroughly.  Gradually add the orange juice and lemon juice; stir until smooth. "
475,Moist Golden Cornbread,,9,1 8-inch square pan,10,25,0,The California Beef Council,," Heat oven to 400 degrees F.  Mix flour, cornmeal, sugar, soda and salt.  Mix buttermilk and egg.  Stir buttermilk mixture and butter into cornmeal until blended.  Grease 8-inch square pan.  Pour batter into pan.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden on top and wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. "
476,Oven Fries,,1,,30,40,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,," Slice potatoes lengthwise into 1/2 inch strips.  Soak potato strips in iced water for 20 minutes.  Drain and dry thoroughly with paper towels.  Place potatoes in a single layer on a baking sheet.  Brush potatoes lightly with half of the butter.  Bake in a preheated 450 degree F.  oven for 20 minutes.  Turn potatoes, brush with remaining butter and bake 20 minutes longer.  Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. "
478,Cream of Broccoli Soup,,4,4 cups,5,30,0,The American Cancer Society,," Saute onion in margarine over high heat in saucepan, about 3 minutes, or until soft.  Add flour and cook stirring constantly, 1 minute.  Gradually add chicken broth, stirring until well blended.  Add broccoli, tarragon, garlic powder, thyme and black pepper.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat, cover and simmer 15 minutes or until broccoli is tender.  Add milk and simmer uncovered, 5 minutes.  Add 1/4 at a time to blender container and blend at medium speed until smooth.  Return to saucepan and simmer till heated through. "
479,East Meets West Salad,,2,,5,3,0,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,An easy to make salad with some unusual ingredients.," For salad, tear greens into bite-size pieces.  Cut stems into 1/4-inch slices.  Toast the sesame seeds until brown in a small pan or skillet.  
For dressing:  mix soy sauce, lemon juice and sugar and pour over greens.  Toss, sprinkle with seeds and serve. "
480,Apricot and Walnut Brown Rice Stuffing,,4,,15,30,0,USA Rice Council,Dried fruit and leftover brown rice combine to make a great side dish or poultry stuffing.," Cook onion and celery in butter in small skillet over medium heat.  Combine all ingredients in large bowl; turn into greased 2-quart baking dish.  Cover with foil and bake at 350 degrees F, 20-25 minutes.  (Stuffing may be baked inside poultry.) "
482,Orange Spaghetti Squash,,4,,10,60,10,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," In a kettle of boiling water boil the squash, turning it occasionally, for 1 hour; drain and let it cool for 10 minutes.  Cut the squash in half and discard the seeds.  Scrape out the flesh with the tines of a fork, transferring it to a serving dish, season it with salt and pepper, and dot it with butter.  Drizzle the orange juice over the squash, sprinkle the squash with the parsley, and garnish it with the rind. "
483,Cherry Smoothie,,3,,10,0,0,The Northwest Cherry Growers,," Blend all ingredients in blender until smooth.  

Tip:  Vanilla-flavored yogurt may be substituted for unflavored yogurt, sugar and vanilla.  

Frozen pitted sweet cherries can be substituted.  Or, 1 can (16 to 17 oz.) pitted dark or light sweet cherries, drained, can be substituted for the fresh cherries. "
484,Fresh Mushroom Soup,,4,,10,15,0,The American Mushroom Institute,An easy to make soup that's great for a light lunch or dinner starter.," Slice caps and stems of mushrooms in thick pieces.  Heat oil in a heavy saucepan and saute the mushrooms quickly until just crisp tender.  Combine all other ingredients in blender and mix until thick and foamy.  Add mushrooms and blend again at lowest speed for 4-5 seconds or until mushrooms are chopped into fine pieces but not pulverized.  Pour mixture back into the saucepan and heat slowly, stirring with a wire whisk to keep from burning. "
486,Squash Rolls,,24,2 dozen,15,25,145,New York State Department of Argriculture and Markets,," Heat milk margarine, sugar and salt until margarine is melted.  Cool to lukewarm.  Dissolve yeast in warm water in large mixing bowl.  

Stir in milk mixture squash and 2 cups of the flour.  Beat until smooth.  Mix in enough remaining flour to make dough easy to handle.  

Turn dough onto lightly floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes.  

Place in greased bowl; turn greased side up.  Cover; let rise in warm place until double about 1 1/2 hours.  (Dough is ready if indentation remains when touched.) 

Punch down dough.  Shape into 1"" balls.  Place 3 balls in each of 24 greased muffin cups, 2 1/2"" x 1 1/4"".  

Let rise until double 35 - 45 minutes.  Heat oven to 400 F.  Bake until light brown, 15 to 20 minutes.

Note:  Frozen squash may be used.  Thaw and bring to room temperature. "
487,California Marinated Salad,,6,6 cups,20,0,120,The Calfornia Tree Fruit Agreement,," Cut nectarines into thick slices, then cut each slice in half.  Combine nectarines with mushrooms, tomatoes, olives and onion in a large salad bowl.  Drain and save liquid from artichokes.  Add artichokes to salad.  Combine reserved liquid with remaining ingredients in jar.  Shake well and pour over salad.  Cover and chill at least 2 hours, tossing once or twice. "
523,Quick Spanish Rice,,6,,5,20,0,American Lamb Council,," Saute lamb, onion, green pepper until lamb is cooked.  Drain.  Add rice, tomatoes, water, mustard, garlic salt, and pepper.  Bring to a boil.  Cover and simmer for five minutes or until moisture has been absorbed.  Stir in cheese. "
567,Oriental Pork and Beans,,4,,15,20,0,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,," Heat a non-stick skillet to high.  Add oil.  Stir-fry pork and garlic until light brown.  Add onions, cilantro, and tomatoes.  Cover and simmer 15 minutes.  Meanwhile, boil long beans in a small amount of water until tender.  Drain.  Combine long beans with pork and other vegetables. "
619,Pasta and Walnut Fruit Salad,,8,,20,10,60,The National Pasta Association,,Cook pasta according to package directions.  Chill in cold water and drain well.  Blend orange juice concentrate and yogurt well.  Toss mixture with remaining ingredients and pasta.  Cover and chill thoroughly.  Serve on a bed of lettuce.  Garnish with fresh strawberries.
488,Ratatouille,,6,,20,25,0,The American Cancer Society,," In a heavy skillet heat olive oil, add onions and saute them until transparent.  Add mushrooms and bell peppers and saute until all moisture is evaporated.  Add garlic and herbs, saute 1/2 minute, add eggplant and saute another 1/2 minute before adding the tomatoes.  Simmer until eggplant is almost tender.  Add squash and zucchini, cook until all the ingredients are tender.  Just before serving add the black pepper.  If you like spicy food, add a pinch of crushed red pepper.

Note:  Crushed, canned tomatoes may be substituted for fresh. "
490," Kiwi Fruit, Orange and Avocado Salad ",,4,,15,0,0,New Zealand Fruit Company,A colorful salad that combines fruit and vegetables.," Peel kiwifruit and cut into 1/4-inch slices.  Slice the peel and pith from oranges; slice crosswise into 1/4-inch thick rounds.  Arrange kiwifruit, oranges, tomatoes and avocado in a spiral pattern on four salad plates.  Top with onion slices and garnish with basil sprigs.  Whisk together remaining ingredients until well combined.  Drizzle over salads to serve. "
492,Green Bean Saute,,4,,10,15,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Reconstitute beef broth with 1/2 cup water.

Saute the first 3 ingredients over medium-high heat in a Teflon fry pan for a few minutes, stirring frequently.  Add the 1/2 cup of reconstituted low sodium beef broth and let simmer for a minute or so more.  Then add the green beans, sliced mushrooms, and wine.  Cover and let simmer over medium heat for a few minutes.  Remove cover and simmer until the beans reach the desired tenderness. "
493,Steamed Pears,with Raspberry Yogurt Sauce,4,,15,5,60,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,An elegant easy-to-make dessert with a superb presentation.," Rub pears with lemon juice to prevent browning.  Place pear halves, cut side down, on steamer rack.  Steam pears 4 to 5 minutes or until tender when pierced with knife tip.  Cool to room temperature; refrigerate to chill.  Puree raspberries in blender or food processor; press through sieve to remove seeds.  Stir sugar into yogurt.  Place yogurt in pastry bag fitted with fine tip or in plastic squeeze-type mustard or ketchup bottle.  Pour about 1/4 cup raspberry puree on each of 4 dessert plates.  Pipe yogurt in spiral design on sauce.  Draw knife from center of plate, spoke-fashion, to create web design.  Place chilled pear half, cut side down, on sauce.  Arrange orange zest on pear.  Garnish plates with mint, if desired. "
496,Peach Soup,,4,,5,15,90,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day," An easy recipe that's great for a summer lunch, brunch or dinner starter. "," Blanch peaches in hot water and remove skins.  Halve and slice.  Dissolve the sugar in water, boil for a few minutes, then add peaches and lightly poach.  Let cool, then puree in a blender.  Add wine and lemon peel and chill well.  Serve chilled, garnished with sprigs of mint. "
497," Microwave Glazed Carrots, Apples and Zucchini ",,5,,10,9,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",," Combine carrots and zucchini in a 1-quart microwave dish; pour in 3 tablespoons water.  Cook covered on high for 3 minutes or until carrots are crisp-tender.  Drain; then gently toss apples into the vegetable mixture.  In a small mixing bowl, combine brown sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, and cut in margarine with fork.  Sprinkle mixture over top of apple-vegetable mixture.  Cover and microwave on high for 3 minutes.  Gently toss mixture, coating apples and vegetables with the glaze; cook uncovered 2-3 minutes or until glaze thickens. "
500,Tomato Pilaf,,4,4 cups,10,25,0,The Florida Tomato Committee," This is reminiscent of a creamy Italian risotto, but without the constant stirring. "," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Core and chop tomatoes (makes about 4 cups); set aside.  In a large saucepan heat oil until hot.  Add garlic; cook until golden, about 1 minute.  Add reserved tomatoes, oregano, salt and black pepper; cook, uncovered, until tomatoes are slightly softened, about 4 minutes.  Add broth; bring to a boil.  Stir in rice and sugar; simmer, covered until rice is tender, 15 to 18 minutes stirring occasionally.  Reheat with additional beef broth, if needed. "
502,Herbed Vegetable Combo,,4,,10,10,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Heat water in large frying pan.  Add squash, green pepper, celery, and onion.  Cover and cook over moderate heat until vegetables are tender-crisp (about 4 minutes).  Sprinkle seasonings over vegetables.  Top with tomato wedges.  Cover and cook over low heat until tomato wedges are just heated (about 2 minutes). "
504,Pepper Relish,,96,6 pints,20,40,240,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,," Halve, seed and chop peppers.  Layer with salt in a glass bowl.  Allow to stand at room temperature, stirring several times, 3 hours.  Drain peppers
well to remove all liquid.  Combine drained peppers, tomatoes and onions in a large kettle; stir in sugar and vinegar.  Tie mixed pickling spices in a cheesecloth and crack with hammer.  Add to kettle.  Bring to boil, stirring often.  Lower heat; simmer, stirring frequently, for 30 minutes.  Remove spice bag.  Ladle into hot, sterilized jars; seal, following manufacturer's directions.  Label and date.

Serving size is 2 tablespoons. "
505,Mint-Glazed Carrots and Snow Peas,,4,,10,8,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",A colorful easy and quick vegetable side dish.," In a large non-stick skillet, melt margarine over medium heat.  Saute carrots 3 to 4 minutes.  Add snow peas, sugar, lemon juice and mint; continue to saute 1 to 2 more minutes until vegetables are glazed crisp-tender.

Note:  One teaspoon of dried mint may be substituted for fresh. "
509,Lite 'n Lovely Gelatin Salad,,15,,20,5,360,The California Avocado Commission,," In 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass dish combine orange gelatin and boiling water, mixing well to blend.  Add 2 cups cold water and stir in undrained pineapple, strawberries and avocado cubes.  Chill until set (3 to 4 hours).  

In small pan combine 1/4 cup water and lemon juice, add unflavored gelatin; allow to soften.  Cook over medium heat stirring until gelatin is completely dissolved, about 5 minutes.  In medium bowl combine lemon yogurt and unflavored gelatin mixture, beat until smooth.  Cool slightly, pour over chilled fruit/orange gelatin.  Chill 1 to 2 hours, until set.  Cut into squares and serve. "
620,Springsweet Texas Onion Caviar,,6,,10,0,720,The Texas Fresh Promotional Board,This can be served as an interesting side dish or as a delicious appetizer with chips.,Combine all items.  Let marinate overnight for best flavor.
727,-Beets-,,4,,10,45,0,,," Prepare beets by scrubbing and trimming off greens up to 1""; leave root end on so beets don't fade.
Cover with water in saucepan, cover and boil for 30 to 45 minutes.  Drain, plunge in cold water 1-2 minutes, peel and remove any stem or root ends.  Serve whole, sliced or diced, warm with seasonings of your choice. "
744,-Fresh Tomatoes-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Wash, core and slice as a side dish or garnish, or cut in wedges and add to salad. "
746,-Turnip Greens-,,4,,15,12,0,,," Discard coarse stems, leaf midribs and any blemished, wilted or yellowed leaves.  Wash in a sink of cool water, lifting out of water and rinsing several times.

Place in pot of water and simmer, covered, for 10-15 minutes.
Young leaves may cook in 5-8 minutes.  Drain, season and serve. "
510,Steamed Carrots with Apricots,,8,,105,15,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A tasty dish high in Vitamin A.," Soak apricots in hot water for 1 1/2 hours.  Pat dry and cut in julienne strips.  In skillet with a tightly fitting lid, combine scraped carrots, water, margarine and sugar.  Cover and cook over medium heat for 12 to 15 minutes or until carrots are fork tender.  Shake occasionally to prevent sticking.  Stir apricots and heat through.  Serve garnished with parsley or dill. "
511,Confetti Potato Salad,,12,,15,15,60,The Potato Board,A reduced fat but just as tasty version of the old family favorite.," Cook potatoes in 1 inch lightly salted water, to which 2 tablespoons lemon juice have been added, 15 minutes, or until just tender; drain.  

In large serving bowl, combine hot potatoes and remaining ingredients.  Toss gently.  Refrigerate to chill. "
512,Cherry Sweet Potatoes,,6,,5,30,0,The Cherry Marketing Institute,Turned canned ingredients into a quick side dish.," In a mixing bowl, combine cherry filling, allspice and black pepper.  Add sweet potatoes and mix gently.  Pour into a lightly greased 1-quart baking dish.  Bake, uncovered, in a preheated 350-degree oven 25 to 30 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.  

NOTE:  If desired, 2 pounds fresh sweet potatoes peeled, sliced and cooked, may be substituted for canned sweet potatoes. "
513,Acorn Squash and Apple Puree,,2,,15,16,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Remove the seeds and strings of the acorn squash, discard.  Arrange the squash, cut sides down, in a glass dish, prick the skin all over with the tip of a sharp knife, and microwave the squash at high power (100%) for 10 minutes.  Put the apple in a 1- or 2-cup glass measuring cup, cover it with microwave-safe plastic wrap and microwave it and the squash at high power (100%) for 4 to 6 minutes, or until they are tender.  Scoop out the squash discarding their skin, pour off any liquid from the apple, and force the squash and the apple through the medium disk of a food mill into a bowl.  Stir in the butter, the nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste. "
515,Tote-Along Dressing,,20,1 1/4 cups,5,7,60,The American Cancer Society,," Combine all ingredients in screw-top jar; shake to blend.  Pour into small saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring.  Bring to a boil and continue cooking, stirring, 1-2 minutes or until slightly thickened.  Allow to cool.  Return to jar and keep refrigerated.

Serving size is 1 tablespoon. "
516,Beef Brisket,with Savory Carrots and Prunes,10,,15,165,0,Beef Industry Coucil,," Brown brisket in oil in Dutch oven or deep 12-inch skillet over medium heat.  Remove and reserve brisket.  Pour off drippings.  Cook onion in pan over medium heat until tender; return brisket and add water.  Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 2 hours.  Add carrots, brown sugar, lemon juice, salt, cinnamon and pepper.  Continue cooking slowly, covered 30 minutes or until brisket and carrots are tender.  Remove brisket and carrots to platter; keep warm.  Add prunes to pan; increase heat to medium-high and cook until liquid is reduced to 1 cup and prunes are plumped, about 5 minutes.  Carve brisket diagonally across the grain into thin slices.  Serve with carrots, prunes and sauce.

Note:  A boneless beef brisket will yield about 3 (3-ounce) cooked servings per pound. "
517,Beef and Two Pepper Stew,,4,,20,120,0,Beef Industry Council,," Brown beef, onion and garlic in oil in Dutch oven.  Pour off drippings.  Combine oregano, cumin, red pepper and salt; sprinkle over beef.  Add 3 cups tomatoes and water, stirring to combine; reserve remaining tomato.  Cover tightly and simmer 1 hour 55 minutes or until beef is tender.  Meanwhile drain green chilies; reserve liquid.  Cut chiles into 1/2-inch pieces; add to beef mixture.  Combine cornstarch and reserved liquid; gradually stir into stew and cook, uncovered, until thickened.  Stir in reserved tomato; garnish with green onion tops. "
518,Sherried Steak Strips,,2,,10,5,0,Beef Industry Council," Serve quickly cooked steak strips over your favorite microcooked vegetable medley for a delicious, fast and colorful meal. "," Cut beef steaks into 1-inch wide strips.  Combine sherry, soy sauce and garlic.  Pour over beef strips.  Meanwhile heat oil in 10-inch nonstick frying pan over medium-high heat.  Drain steak strips well; reserve marinade.  Pat strips dry with paper towel.  Stir-fry steak strips 1 to 2 minutes.  Remove to warm serving platter.  Add reserved marinade to pan; cook until bubbly and heated through.  Pour over steak strips; garnish with onion. "
519,Steak and Pepper Sandwiches,,4,,10,10,0,Beef Industry Council," Sliced tomatoes, deli coleslaw or crisp vegetable relishes can be served with these tasty sandwiches. "," Cut beef steaks into 1/2-inch wide strips; reserve.  Cook onion, green pepper and oregano in oil in 12-inch nonstick frying pan over medium-high heat 3 to 4 minutes.  Remove and keep warm.  Add reserved beef strips (half at a time) to pan and stir-fry 2 to 3 minutes.  Return vegetables to pan; stir to combine.  Remove from heat.  Season with 1/4 teaspoon salt.  Place an equal amount of beef mixture on bottom half of each roll; close sandwiches. "
520,Lamb Stew Provencal,,6,,20,135,0,National LiveStock and Meat Board,," Brown lamb shanks in oil in Dutch oven.  Remove shanks and season with pepper.  Cook onion and garlic in same pan 5 minutes.  Pour off drippings.  Return shanks to pan.  Break up tomatoes; reserve.  Add tomato liquid, broth, wine and rosemary to pan.  Cover tightly and simmer 1 1/2 hours or until meat is tender.  Remove shanks; cut meat from bones into small pieces.  Skim fat from surface.  Meanwhile cut carrots and celery into 2 x 1/2 x 1/2-inch strips.  Add vegetables and orzo.  Simmer, uncovered, 20 minutes or until vegetables are tender-crisp, adding water if necessary.  Add lamb, tomatoes, lemon juice, and salt; heat through.  Garnish with parsley. "
521,Greek-Style Lamb and Bean Skillet Dinner,,4,,8,12,0,National LiveStock and Meat Board,," Microwave:  Combine ground lamb, 1/2 teaspoon garlic salt and Italian seasoning, mixing lightly but thoroughly.  Pinch off 1 1/2-inch pieces of lamb mixture to make approximately 16 free-form meatballs.  Place meatballs around the sides of 11 3/4 x 7 1/2-inch microwave-safe baking dish.  Cover with waxed paper and microwave at HIGH 3 minutes.  Rotate dish 1/4 turn and continue cooking at HIGH 1 to 2 minutes.  Remove meatballs; keep warm.  Pour off drippings.  Place beans, tomatoes, wine and remaining garlic salt in dish and microwave, uncovered at HIGH 5 minutes, stirring once.  Return reserved meatballs to dish and continue cooking at MEDIUM 2 minutes.  Garnish with parsley and lemon peel.

Conventional directions:  Prepare meatballs as above.  Brown meatballs in a large nonstick frying pan over medium heat.  Pour off drippings.  Add beans, tomatoes, 1 cup wine and remaining garlic salt; continue cooking over medium heat 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Garnish. "
568,Southwestern Black Beans and Rice,,4,,20,165,0,USA Rice Council,," Bring 1 quart water to a boil in Dutch oven or large saucepan; stir in beans, and next 7 ingredients.  Cover and simmer 2 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.  Add ham; simmer an additional 15 minutes.  Cook red and green peppers in oil until tender crisp; stir into rice.  Serve beans with rice. "
522,Butterflied Lamb Leg,with Orange Sauce,14,,15,50,0,National LiveStock and Meat Board,," Thread 2 long metal skewers through butterflied lamb leg to secure and facilitate turning roast.  Place on grid over medium coals (4-second hold) and broil to desired degree of doneness; 140 degrees F.  for rare; 160 degrees F.  for medium; and 170 degrees F.  for well done.  Allow 40 to 60 minutes total cooking time, depending on doneness desired.  Meanwhile combine orange juice, marmalade, butter, ginger and mustard in small saucepan.  Cook over medium-low heat until marmalade is melted, stirring occasionally.  Combine lemon juice and cornstarch; stir into orange juice mixture and cook until thickened.  Remove from heat; reserve.  Turn leg several times during cooking, brushing with 1/3 cup reserved sauce during last 10 minutes of cooking time.  Remove skewers and separate leg into three sections along the natural seam.  Carve each section across the grain into thin slices.  Serve remaining sauce with carved lamb.

Note:  A butterflied lamb leg will yield four 3-ounce cooked, trimmed servings per pound. "
524,Zesty Lamb Taco Casserole,,4,,15,10,0,American Lamb Council,," Heat oil and garlic to medium hot and add lamb strips.  Cook until no longer pink.  Add broth, sauce and seasoning mix.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat; cover and simmer 5 minutes.  Add corn and peppers.  Bring to a full boil and stir in rice.  Cover again and let stand five minutes or until moisture is absorbed.  Fluff with fork.  May be served with grated cheese, black olives, and tortilla chips. "
525,Quick Lamb and Pasta Dinner Skillet,,6,,5,40,0,American Lamb Council,," Slice lamb into strips 1/8-inch thick.

Cook lamb strips in 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat until no longer pink, add onion and garlic and saute for 5 minutes.  Do not brown.  Add juice and seasonings and simmer covered for 10 minutes.  Add mostaciolli and continue to cook approximately 10 minutes or until almost cooked.  Stir in Italian vegetables and simmer 15 minutes more or until vegetables are crisp-tender.

Notes:  1 pound lean ground American lamb may be substituted for the boneless lamb shoulder.  If using ground lamb, cook over medium heat in skillet sprayed with no-stick coating adding no oil until no longer pink.  Do not brown and drain well.  Continue as above.

Note:  1/4 teaspoon garlic powder may be substituted for the minced garlic. "
526,Microwavable Savory Lamb Potatoes,,4,,5,20,0,American Lamb Council,," Microwave:  Pierce potatoes with fork.  Place in circle on microwavable paper towel in microwave oven.  Microwave at HIGH (100%) 11-13 minutes, or until tender; turn over and rearrange once.  Wrap each potato in foil and set aside.  
In a 2-quart glass casserole, place celery, carrot and onion.  Cover with glass lid.  Microwave at HIGH (100%) for 1 minute.  Stir in lamb; cover.  Microwave at HIGH (100%) 4-5 minutes, or until meat is not longer pink, stir once.  

Drain drippings.  Stir in tomato sauce and Worcestershire sauce.  Microwave covered at HIGH (100%) 2 minutes.  Slit baked potatoes down center, press open, and top with lamb mixture.

Note:  4 baking potatoes weight about 1 1/2 pounds. "
527,Grilled Lamb with Spanish Sherry Sauce,,6,,20,15,0,American Lamb Council,," Spanish Sherry Sauce:  In small saucepan, combine sherry, honey, tomato paste, red wine vinegar, onion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce and pepper.  Simmer five minutes.  Makes 1 1/4 cups.

Ignite coals in barbecue; allow to burn until bright red and covered with gray ash.  Grill steaks and vegetables 4 inches from coals, cooking 5-6 minutes.  Turn lamb and vegetables and brush with sherry sauce; cook an additional 5 minutes.  Turn lamb, brush with sherry sauce and cook 2-3 minutes longer for medium-rare.  Grill vegetables to desired degree of doneness.  Cut lamb steaks into thirds and serve with grilled vegetables.

Notes:  To shorten potato cooking time, microwave potatoes 10-12 minutes before grilling. "
528,Warm Moroccan Potato Lamb Salad,,4,,20,20,0,American Lamb Council,," Boil potatoes until tender; cube and keep warm.  In large skillet, combine and cook eggplant, red and green peppers, onion, garlic and bay leaf in hot oil until tender-crisp.  Remove bay leaf.  Add lemon juice, cubed potatoes, lamb, parsley, black pepper, turmeric and paprika.  Toss gently.  Serve warm with cold sliced tomatoes. "
529,Mesa Lamb and Bean Salad,,4,,20,0,0,American Lamb Council,," In large bowl, combine kidney beans, pinto beans, lamb, red pepper, chili pepper, cucumber, radishes, green onions, cilantro, garlic salt and pepper.  Add dressing and mix well.

Chutney Dressing:  Puree chutney; mix in lime juice, vegetable oil and lime peel.

Notes:  If fresh cooked beans are unavailable, 1 cup canned kidney and pinto beans may be substituted. "
530,Mandarin Lamb with Oriental Noodles,,4,,10,15,0,American Lamb Council,," Heat oil and garlic to medium-high heat in large skillet or wok.  Add lamb and stir fry about 3 minutes or until no longer pink; remove from skillet and set aside.  Break up noodles, and place noodles, 1 cup water, flavor packet and vegetables in skillet.  Bring to a boil; reduce heat.  Cover and simmer 3 to 5 minutes or until vegetables are crisp tender.  Stir in cooked lamb, sweet and sour sauce, and oranges.  Heat through.  Top with almonds or peanuts to serve. "
531,Lamb Tortellini Minestrone,,8,,5,15,0,American Lamb Council,," Bring broth, water and tomato sauce to a boil in large saucepan over high heat.  Add all other ingredients and reduce heat to medium-low.  Simmer 10 to 15 minutes or until tortellini and vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally.

Note:  Mixed vegetables include cauliflower, zucchini, carrots and red peppers.  

Substitutions:  2 cups cooked, cubed lean American lamb leg or shoulder; 16 ounce fresh tortellini for the boxed tortellini; low-sodium beef broth for the beef broth. "
532,Stir Fry Vegetables,,4,,20,65,0,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," Brown stew meat, simmer for one hour until tender, drain and set aside.  

Mix cornstarch, ginger, garlic powder, soy sauce and water in glass measuring cup and set aside.  

Heat oil in large frying pan with lid.  When oil is hot, add dry carrots, onions and celery.  

Cook for one minute, stirring constantly.  

Then add the broccoli and cook for 2 minutes.  Stir constantly, broccoli will turn bright green.  

Add the liquid and continue cooking for one minute or until it's bubbly.  

Add the bean sprouts, French green beans, mushrooms, water chestnuts and cooked stew meat.  

Reduce heat, cover pan and cook for 2 more minutes.  This recipe may also be served with rice or Chinese noodles. "
588,Pioneer Bean Pot,,4,,240,180,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Soak beans, drain.  Cover beans with fresh water, heat to boiling.  Add sliced onion, ham bone, and cloves.  Simmer 2 hours.  Discard the cloves, and add remaining ingredients.  Simmer an hour longer, adding a little hot water if beans cook too dry. "
612,Baked Beans,,8,,720,120,0,Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,," Soak beans overnight, drain.  Add remaining ingredients and enough water to cover beans.  Bake at 325 degrees F.  2 hours or until soft (when beans mash easily).  Remove 1 cup cooked beans and mash them.  Add to remaining beans to thicken. "
533,Boonville Baked Beans,,14,,783,300,0,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  when ready to bake.  Soak dried beans overnight and precook beans.  Line the bottom of a bean pot or casserole with half the bacon followed by the onion.  Add cooked beans.  Mix together remaining ingredients and pour over beans.  If necessary, add more water to cover.  Top with remaining bacon.  Bake 5 to 6 hours, adding more boiling water and syrup if liquid needed. "
534,Baja Beef and Pistachio Plate,,4,,15,10,0,California Pistachio Commission," Filled with flavors of the old Southwest, this whole meal is bound to become a favorite. "," Combine ground round with 1/4 cup chopped pistachios, cornmeal, cumin, chili powder and tomato juice; form into 4 oval patties.  Place in broiler pan and broil, turning once.  Broil 8 minutes or until cooked as desired.  Meanwhile, heat kidney beans, undrained corn and bell peppers in saucepan; drain.  Arrange on plates with patties.  Sprinkle remaining pistachios in strip on each pattie.  Pass tortillas and diced jalapenos.

Note:  To crisp tortillas, place directly on oven rack in pre-heated oven at 400 degrees F., for 3 to 5 minutes or until crispy. "
536,Daube of Beef with Dried Mushrooms,Braised Beef Rump Roast,8,,25,180,0,California Beef Council,," In Dutch oven mix carrots, celery, onion, garlic and 1/4 cup of the broth; cover.  Cook over low heat until soft (about 5 minutes).  Add dried mushrooms and remaining broth; cover.  Simmer 15 minutes.  Meanwhile, broil beef 4 inches from heat until lightly browned on each side (about 3 minutes per side).  Add to Dutch oven with 1/2 cup of the red wine.  Carefully pour pan drippings from beef into the Dutch oven.  Cover tightly and simmer over very low heat until tender (2 - 2 1/2 hours).  

Remove beef to warm platter; cover and keep warm in oven.  Strain sauce into saucepan; press vegetables to extract all juices.  Add fresh mushrooms to sauce; boil until sauce is reduced by one third and lightly coats spoon.  Mix remaining red wine and potato starch.  Stir into sauce.  Cook and stir until thickened.  Spoon some of the sauce over the roast.  Serve the remaining sauce on the side.

Notes:  Dried mushrooms are worth their weight in gold for all the flavor they contribute.  The prices vary according to season and variety.  south American mushrooms are generally the least expensive and cepes the most expensive.  Stored in a tightly sealed container in the freezer, they will last for up to a year.  Before using, rinse well to remove any bits of debris.

Slice left over beef and refrigerate in the sauce.  This reheats well in the microwave or on the stove top.

If potato starch is unavailable, use 2 tablespoons flour. "
537,Middle Eastern Meatballs,,4,,35,45,0,California Beef Council,," Stir 1/2 cup water into bulgur; let sit 30 minutes.  When bulgur has absorbed the water, combine with beef and remaining ingredients except tomato sauce.  Mix well using hands.  Form into 12 meatballs.  Arrange in shallow baking dish.  Bake at 500 degrees F.  until beef begins to brown, about 5 minutes.  Combine tomato sauce and remaining 1/2 cup water.  Pour over beef.  Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.  Bake, uncovered, until meatballs are done and sauce has thickened slightly, about 30 minutes.  Baste meatballs with tomato sauce twice during baking.

Note:  3/4 cup uncooked rice (1 1/2 cups cooked rice) may be substituted for the bulgur wheat.
If fresh mint is unavailable, use 2 teaspoons dried. "
538,Braised Eye of the Round,,6,,15,60,0,California Beef Council,," Trim excess fat from roast.  Heat oven to 325 degrees F.  Place roast, fat side down, in heavy Dutch oven.  Cook over low heat until browned on all sides.  Remove from pan; pour off fat.  Add vermouth to Dutch oven.  Cook, stirring constantly, over high heat until all particles in bottom of pan are dissolved.  Remove from heat.  Return roast to pan.  Add remaining ingredients except water and flour; cover.  Cook in oven 45 minutes or until tender.  Remove roast from pan.  Strain pan juices into saucepan.  Mix water and flour; stir in pan juice.  Cook, stirring constantly, over low heat until thickened.  Slice beef; spoon sauce over beef. "
539,California Beef and Black Bean Chili,,6,,15,135,0,California Beef Council,," Sort and rinse black beans.  Place in heavy pot, cover with cold water (at least 2 inches above level of beans).  Bring to boil; simmer until tender (about 1 1/4 hours) adding more water if necessary.  When tender, drain beans, reserving bean cooking liquid.  

Toast cumin seeds lightly in heated skillet about 2 to 3 minutes; crush finely.  Combine ground cumin seeds with the oregano, sage, bay leaf and scallions.  
Heat olive oil in skillet, add onions and saute until translucent.  Add green, red and jalapeno peppers.  Saute 1 to 2 minutes.  Remove vegetables with slotted spoon to heavy pot.  Add beef and brown.  Add to sauteed vegetables.  

Add remaining ingredients to beef-vegetable mixture.  Bring to boil, then simmer until beef is tender (about 1 hour).  Add beans the last 15 minutes of cooking to heat through. "
540,Spinach Salad with Fruit and Beef,,4,,20,15,180,California Beef Council,," Trim excess fat from steak.  Broil 3 inches from heat, 6 to 7 minutes per side for rare or until desired doneness.  Slice steak across the grain into thin slices; place in glass baking dish.  Place vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, onion, sesame seeds, sugar, garlic, chili powder and white pepper in blender container; cover.  Mix until blended.  Gradually add oil, blending until smooth.  Pour over steak slices and cover.  Refrigerate at least 3 hours, no longer than 24 hours.  Place spinach on serving plates.  Arrange beef slices, orange and strawberry slices on spinach.  Drizzle with remaining marinade. "
541,Thai-Style Beef Salad,,4,,40,3,0,California Beef Council,," Combine 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, and water; pour over beef.  Marinate beef 30 minutes.  Drain beef, discarding marinade.  In a non-stick skillet, stir-fry beef over high heat until browned, about 3 minutes.  Remove from pan; cool to room temperature.  Mix remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce and remaining 1/2 tablespoon of brown sugar with vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, sesame oil and red pepper.  Combine beef with remaining ingredients.  Pour on reserved dressing and toss.

Notes:  Reduced-sodium soy sauce may be substituted. "
653,Rice Gazpacho,,10,,20,0,120,USA Rice Council,Make a quick soup with leftover rice and fresh vegetables.," Combine tomato juice, green pepper, cucumber, tomato, onion, garlic parsley, salt, black pepper and pepper sauce in large bowl; chill.  Stir in rice just before serving. "
690,Apple Brown Rice Stuffing,,6,,15,15,0,USA Rice Council,," Cook apple, onions, celery, raisins, poultry seasoning, thyme, and pepper in margarine in large skillet until vegetables are tender crisp.  Stir in remaining ingredients.  Use as stuffing for poultry or pork roast.  To serve as a side dish, cook until thoroughly heated. "
721,-Baked Sweet Potatoes-,,4,,10,60,0,,,Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Scrub sweet potatoes.  Bake directly on oven rack or in a shallow baking pan for 45 minutes to 1 hour.  Serve hot with seasonings of your choice.
728,-Brussels Sprouts-,,4,,10,15,0,,," Wash and trim sprouts, discarding any wilted leaves.  Cut an ""X"" in the base of each stem with a knife to ensure even cooking.  Boil gently in a covered saucepan for 15 to 20 minutes.  Drain, season and serve hot. "
542,Mediterranean Beef Stew,,12,,20,95,5,California Beef Council,," Trim excess fat from beef.  Cut beef into 1-inch cubes.  Brown beef cubes a few pieces at a time in non-stick skillet.  Transfer beef, onions, tomatoes, beef broth, coriander, cinnamon, cayenne pepper and salt to Dutch oven.  Heat to boiling; reduce heat, cover and simmer 50 minutes.  Add turnips; cover and simmer 10 minutes.  Add carrots, cover.  Simmer 30 minutes or until beef and vegetables are tender.  Add garbanzo beans; cover.  Simmer 5 minutes or until hot.  Mix couscous, salt and turmeric in 2-quart bowl.  Stir in boiling water; cover.  Let stand 5 minutes.  Stir in raisins.  Mound couscous on serving platter.  Drain beef and vegetables; arrange on couscous.  Pour broth from couscous stew into serving bowl.  Serve with couscous.

Note:  Three cups uncooked rice (6 cups cooked rice) may be substituted for couscous. "
543,Beef Fajitas,,6,,250,20,0,California Beef Council,," Trim excess fat from steak.  Cut steak in half lengthwise, then cut across the grain into thin strips; place in large glass baking dish.  Mix next four ingredients; pour over steak strips.  Refrigerate, stirring occasionally, at least 4 hours, no longer than 24 hours.  Arrange chopped tomatoes, onions, peppers and cilantro on serving platter.  Cover with plastic wrap, refrigerate until serving.  Drain marinade from steak into saucepan.  Cook marinade over high heat, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes or until slightly thickened.  Wrap tortillas in aluminum foil.  Warm in 350 degree F.  oven for 10 minutes.  Broil steak strips 2 inches from source of heat, a few at a time, for about 3 minutes; turn and cook 1 minute longer.  Keep warm until serving.  Repeat with remaining steak strips.  Serve steak strips on a platter with warm tortillas, vegetables, and sauce.

Note:  Each brand of red pepper sauce varies in degree of heat.  Adjust quantity to taste. "
544,Beef Pizza,,8,,20,15,0,California Beef Council,," Mix first four ingredients in a bowl for sauce.  Chop vegetables and grate cheese.  Heat oven to 450 degrees F.  Place tortillas on baking sheets and bake for 5 minutes.  Remove from oven.  Brown beef in non-stick skillet.  Drain off excess fat as it accumulates.  Top each tortilla with about 1/3 cup Tomato-Basil Sauce and about 1/8 of each of the toppings.  Bake 10 minutes longer, or until tortilla is lightly browned and topping is bubbly. "
545,Beef and Spinach Pita Pockets,,4,,20,20,0,California Beef Council,," In large non-stick skillet, combine first 3 ingredients.  Cook over medium heat until browned, stirring to crumble beef.  Drain in a colander, discard drippings.  Wipe skillet dry with a paper towel.  Return beef mixture to skillet; add chopped spinach, spices and salt; stir well.  Cover and cook over medium heat 3 minutes or just until spinach is wilted; remove from heat.  Spoon 1/2 cup beef mixture into each pita half lined with whole spinach leaves.  Mix yogurt with curry powder if desired.  Top each pita half with 1 tablespoon yogurt.

Tip:  Beef and Spinach Pita Pockets may be individually wrapped and carried in a picnic basket or sack lunch.  Keep cool until serving. "
546,Ginger-Orange Barbecued Beef Back Ribs,,6,,1455,50,0,California Beef Council,," Cut beef between the bones separating into individual ribs.  Combine the remaining ingredients; pour into a self-sealing plastic bag and add ribs.  Turn bag and massage to coat ribs.  Refrigerate overnight.

Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.  Remove ribs from marinade; pour reserved marinade in a saucepan.  Bring marinade to a boil; reduce heat and simmer to thickness of a glaze (about 1/2 cup).  Place ribs on a rack over a pan of hot water in oven; cook for 30 minutes, turning them once halfway through the cooking until browned and crisp.  Lower heat to 375 degrees F.  Brush ribs with marinade glaze, roast 10 minutes, turn over, brush again.  Roast 10 minutes longer.  Garnish with rind.  Serve with roasted potatoes, and salad. "
547,Roast Beef Pita Bread Sandwich,with California Avocado,6,,10,0,0,California Avocado Commission and Chef Vincent,," In a large bowl, thoroughly mix basil, horseradish and yogurt.  Spread the horseradish and yogurt mixture on beef slices and wrap in a lettuce leaf.  Cut the pita bread pocket in half and put beef wrapped in lettuce and 2 slices of California avocado into each half. "
548,Soft Taco,,2,,20,5,0,California Avocado Commission," Flaky golden flour tortillas folded in half and filled with sliced beef, avocado slices, tomato, scallions, lettuce and salsa.  Sour cream or yogurt, and black olives to garnish "," Cut avocado into 6 slices.

Heat tortillas to soften and freshen.  This can be done over a flame or in a saute pan with 1 teaspoon of oil.  

Heat the beef and squeeze lime over to flavor.  

Use the various ingredients to fill the soft tacos.  

Garnish with cilantro and olives. "
549,Sesame Potato Sticks with Oriental Beef and Peppers,,4,,20,13,0,National Potato Board,," Oriental Sauce:  In a small bowl mix together last 6 ingredients.

Place beef in freezer while cutting vegetables and mixing sauce to make slicing easier.  Place garlic and sesame in center of a 12-inch round microwave platter (or oval platter about 11 x 15 inches).  Microwave on HIGH for 1 minute.  Place potato sticks on platter and toss to coat with sesame-garlic mixture.  Arrange around outside of platter.  Place beef strips inside potatoes.  Toss pepper and onion pieces together and spoon into center of dish.  Spoon 1/2 of Oriental Sauce over beef strips.  Cover tightly with plastic wrap, turning back one side slightly to vent steam.  Microwave on HIGH for 10 to 12 minutes, until potatoes are tender and beef is cooked to desired doneness, rotating halfway through cooking time.  Pour remaining sauce over the entire platter; toss to mix vegetables and meat together. "
550,Potato Sticks with Glazed Pork and Cabbage,,4,,20,20,0,National Potato Board,," Cut pork into strips, 1/2-inch thick, 1-inch wide and 2 1/2-inches long.  Place onion and butter on 12-inch round microwave platter.  Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH 1 to 2 minutes until onion is slightly softened.  Add cabbage; toss well to mix.  Cover tightly with plastic wrap, turning back one edge to vent steam; microwave on HIGH 2 to 3 minutes until cabbage has cooked down somewhat.  Push cabbage mixture to center of plate.  Arrange potatoes in a ring around outer 2 inches of plate.  Place pork strips between cabbage and potatoes.  Microwave covered for 10 to 12 minutes, until pork is cooked through and potatoes are tender.

In a small bowl, mix together apricot preserves and mustard.  Spoon half of the apricot mixture over the pork and microwave on HIGH for 2 to 3 minutes to glaze.  Pass extra glaze at table.

Variation:  Barbecue Pork and Potatoes:  Substitute prepared barbecue sauce for apricot preserves.  Spoon half of the sauce over the pork before cooking.  Pass remaining sauce when serving. "
624,Greek Beans 'n Eggs,,4,,5,7,0,The Egg Nutrition Center,," Beat together eggs, parsley and oregano.  Spray non-stick skillet with
non-stick spray.  Heat over medium heat.  Saute onions about 1/2 minute.  Stir in chickpeas.  Add egg mixture, stir occasionally to scramble.  Add cheese stir to blend; heat.  Season with salt and pepper, if desired. "
738,-Steamed Okra-,,4,,10,5,0,,," To prepare okra:  Cut off stems leaving on stem ends of pods.  Scrub well in cool water.

Place in steamer basket over boiling water; steam 3-5 minutes for slices, or 8-10 minutes for whole pods.

To boil:  Boil gently, covered, 3-4 minutes for slices and 6-10 minutes for whole pods. "
551,Western Pork Barbecue Supper,,4,,15,60,0,Idaho Potato Commission," Enjoy the smoky barbecue flavor all year round with this dish.  Its hearty goodness and great aroma will make you imagine you're the greatest ""Chef of the West."" "," In large skillet melt butter; stir pork over medium-high heat until well browned.  Add onion slices and basil; saute until onion is tender.  Add beef broth, bring to boiling.  Stir in vinegar, sugar, catsup, salt, pickling spices, and orange slices.  Simmer 1 hour or until pork is tender.  Spoon topping over each blossomed potato.  Serve immediately. "
552,Beef Jambalaya,,4,,20,25,5,California Beef Council,," Drain tomatoes, reserving liquid.  Add enough water to tomato liquid to make 2 cups; reserve.  Chop tomatoes, reserve.  In a large non-stick skillet with a tight-fitting cover, break up beef into coarse pieces and lightly brown.  Add onion, bell pepper, celery and garlic.  Cook, stirring frequently, until vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes.  Stir in rice, chopped tomato, tomato liquid, and remaining ingredients.  Bring to a boil.  Cover and simmer until all liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes.  (Jambalaya should be moist but not soupy).  Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. "
553,Gourmet Beef Burgers,,4,,20,8,0,California Beef Council,," Heat oil in large, non-stick skillet until hot; add onion.  Cook and stir until onion is browned, about 10 minutes.  Add green pepper and mushrooms.  Cook and stir until mushrooms are browned, about 8 minutes.  Stir in wine.  Simmer until reduced.  Stir in beef broth, thyme, salt and pepper.  Simmer, covered, until green pepper is limp.  Divide beef into 4 equal parts.  Shape beef into patties to match the shape of the French rolls.  Broil beef patties 4 inches from source of heat 4 minutes.  Flip patties.  Broil 4 minutes longer for rare, or until desired doneness.  Place patties on half of each roll.  Top each patty with 3/4 cup mushroom mixture. "
554,Spicy Beef Tortillas,,4,,5,15,0,California Beef Council,," Wrap tortillas in foil; heat in 350 degree F.  oven until warm, about 5 minutes.  Cook and stir beef, pepper and onion in a large non-stick skillet, over medium heat until beef is browned.  Stir in salsa sauce; heat until hot.  With slotted spoon, place beef mixture in each tortilla.  Serve with nonfat yogurt. "
555,Summertime Beef Salad,,4,,30,14,0,California Beef Council,," Trim excess fat from steak.  Broil steak 4 inches from heat, 5 to 7 minutes per side for rare or until desired doneness.  Slice steak across the grain into thin slices.  In bowl, mix next 6 ingredients.  In larger bowl, mix grapes, jicama, and cantaloupe.  For each serving, arrange 1/4 of the steak slices and 1/4 of the fruit mixture on a bed of watercress.  Serve yogurt dressing on the side. "
556,Apricot Relish Steak,,4,,15,15,0,California Beef Council,," Trim excess fat from steak.  Broil steak 4 inches from heat, 5 to 7 minutes per side for rare or until desired doneness.  Keep warm.  Combine remaining ingredients in a medium saucepan; bring to a boil.  Simmer 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Slice steak across the grain into thin slices.  Pour apricot relish over steak slices and serve. "
557,Meatball-Rice Soup,,6,,30,25,0,California Beef Council,," Combine meatball ingredients (first 6 listed) in a bowl and mix well.  Shape meat mixture into 1 1/4-inch balls (about 16).  Set aside.  

Bring broth to a boil in a large pot.  Drain rice, then stir rice and mushrooms into broth.  Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes.  Add meatballs, Chinese cabbage or lettuce, water chestnuts, sesame oil, pepper, and salt, if desired.  Cover and simmer for 10 minutes.  Serve hot. "
558,Light and Colorful Stuffed Peppers,,4,,5,35,0,California Beef Council,," Trim, core and blanch peppers; reserve.  Cook and stir beef and onion in non-stick skillet until beef is browned and onion is soft.  Stir in tomato sauce, mushrooms, herbs, salt and pepper.  Stuff beef mixture in peppers.  Place peppers in casserole dish.  Pour in enough boiling water to cover bottom of casserole dish.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven until peppers are tender, about 20 minutes. "
559,Citrus Beef Ribbons,,48,48 each,120,3,0,California Beef Council,," Partially freeze tenderloin for ease in handling.  Slice beef into thin slices,(about 1/4-inch) then cut slices in half.  Place beef strips in non-corrosive dish.  

Mix beef broth and next five ingredients.  Pour over beef strips.  Cover and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours, turning beef frequently.  Drain marinade; reserve.  
Thread beef strips on bamboo skewers that have been soaked for 30 minutes in cold water.  Broil 1 to 1 1/2 minutes per side.  Remove to heated platter.  
In small skillet, reduce marinade by boiling until slightly thickened.  Pour sauce over skewered beef and garnish with lime slices.

Short cuts:  Thread beef on skewers early the day of the party, cover and refrigerate until needed.  Increase cooking time by 30 seconds if refrigerated strips are used.  Turn beef once during broiling.  Skewer and broil other fruits such as banana and pineapple, or serve fresh as kabobs, to enhance the citrus flavor of the sauce. "
560,Ranch-Style Beans,,10,10 cups,20,200,0,California Beef Council,," Place beans, beef broth and water in 8-quart Dutch oven; cover.  Heat to boiling; reduce heat and simmer 2 hours, stirring occasionally.  Saute ground beef, onions and garlic; drain.  Add beef mixture and remaining ingredients to beans.  Simmer, covered, 1 hour.  If a thinner consistency is desired, add more beef broth.

Note:  Pinquito beans are small pinto beans often found in the produce section of the supermarket. "
562,Rigatoni in Wild Mushroom Broth,with Parma Ham and Porcini,6,,15,15,0,American Cancer Society,," Cook rigatoni according to package directions; drain and set aside.  In large saucepan over medium-high heat, heat canola oil.  Add ham; saute for 1 minute.  Stir in shallots, garlic, and red onion; saute for 1 minute longer.  Add porcini, morels, and shiitakes, saute another minute.  Stir in chicken stock and sherry; bring to a boil, stirring often.  

Reduce heat to low and simmer 3 to 5 minutes.  Add basil and salt and pepper to taste.  Stir in rigatoni and cook until thoroughly heated.  Adjust seasoning.  To serve, ladle rigatoni into soup plates; garnish each serving with grated Parmesan and basil leaves. "
756,-Berries-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Wash and de-stem.

Serve plain or with cream or milk and sugar, or as a topping for ice cream, ice milk or frozen yogurt.

Varieties include boysenberries, blackberries dewberries and loganberries. "
767,-Cantaloupe-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Halve and remove seeds.  Serve halved, sliced, cubed or in balls. "
769,-Honeydew Melon-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Halve and seed.  Serve halved, cubed, sliced or in balls. "
770,-Watermelon-,,4,,10,0,0,,,Cut and serve on the rind or cut in pieces.  A good ripe watermelon will sound hollow when thumped.
777,-Fresh Pineapple-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Cut up to use raw in fruit salads and desserts, or serve plain.

Do not use with gelatin; an enzyme in pineapple keeps the gelatin from thickening. "
790,-Canned Pears-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
563,Mushroom and Beef Stir-Up,,4,,20,10,0,American Mushroom Institute,Mushrooms make this dish seem much more meaty.," Place steak in freezer until partially frozen, about 15 minutes; thinly slice diagonally across the grain.  Rinse, pat dry and slice mushrooms; set aside.  In large skillet, heat oil until hot.  Add steak and garlic; saute until almost cooked, 2 to 3 minutes; remove.  To skillet add mushrooms, cabbage, green pepper, onion and 2 tablespoons beef broth.  Cook and stir until barely crisp-tender, 4 to 5 minutes.  Combine remaining broth, cornstarch and worcestershire.  Pour into skillet; cook and stir until clear and thickened, about 2 minutes.  Stir in beef; heat just until hot.  Serve over pasta, if desired. "
564,Pork-Sweet Potato Stir-Fry,,6,,20,10,0,The Sweet Potato Council of the U.S.,," Cut pork diagonally into slices 1/4-inch thick.  Pare sweet potatoes, cut into 1 x 1/ 2 x 1/8-inch strips.  Stir-fry pork (small amounts at a time) in hot oil in wok or heavy skillet until pink color disappears.  Remove; season with salt.  Add sweet potatoes and water; cover and cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add pork, onions and raisins.  Combine cornstarch and wine; stir into pork mixture.  Cook and stir until sauce is thickened.  Fold in apple slices.  Serve immediately. "
565,Sweet Potato-Sausage Casserole,,6,,30,60,0,The Sweet Potato Council of the U.S.,," Place sausage in baking dish.  Arrange apple slices on the sausage.  Sprinkle with brown sugar.  Mash the sweet potatoes; add salt and milk.  Beat until light and fluffy.  Place sweet potatoes on the apple slices.  Bake for 1 hour at 350 degrees F.  Serve very hot.  Garnish with parsley, if desired. "
566,Summer Beef Salad,,4,,30,10,0,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,," Combine 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon brown sugar and water; pour over beef.  Marinate beef 30 minutes.  Drain beef, discarding marinade.  In a on-stick skillet, stir-fry beef over high heat until browned, about 3 minutes.  Mix remaining soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, sesame oil and red pepper.  Add to beef and cool to room temperature.  Layer or combine vegetables and cooked spaghetti.  Pour beef and sauce over both.  Serve immediately or chill before serving. "
569,Strawberry-Pork Salad,,6,,20,0,120,USA Rice Council,," Slice pork across grain into 1/8-inch strips; season with 1/4 teaspoon salt and pepper.  Brown pork strips in large skillet coated with cooking spray over medium-high heat 2 to 3 minutes.  Add onions and walnuts; cook 1 minute.  Add rice, poppyseed dressing, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt.  Transfer to large container; chill.  Add strawberries just before serving. "
570,Italian Brunch Rice,,8,,15,15,0,USA Rice Council,," Cook sausage in large skillet over medium heat until browned.  Drain; return meat to skillet.  Add mushrooms, carrot, and onions; cook 2 minutes.  Combine eggs, milk, salt, and pepper in small bowl.  Reduce heat to medium; pour egg mixture over vegetables.  Cook, stirring, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes.  Add rice and cheese; stirring to separate grains.  Heat 2 minutes.  Serve immediately. "
571,Kabobs with Thyme Rice,,6,,240,15,0,USA Rice Council,," Place beef in large plastic bag with zippered closing.  Add salad dressing; marinate 4 to 6 hours in refrigerator.  Alternate marinated beef with vegetables on skewers.  Grill or broil 5 to 7 minutes on each side.  Combine rice, broth, and thyme in 2 to 3-quart saucepan.  Bring to a boil; stir once or twice.  Reduce heat; cover and simmer 15 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed.  Serve with kabobs.

Notes:  Substitute or combine meat with pork or chicken.  Marinate as directed.  
Recipe is based on regular-milled long grain white rice.  If using other types of rice, refer to preparation chart for adjustments of liquids and time. "
572,Spiced Pork and Apples,,2,,10,10,0,USA Rice Council,," Cut pork across grain into very thin slices.  Blend spices and sprinkle over pork; set aside.  Blend apple juice, soy sauce, vinegar and cornstarch in small bowl; set aside.  Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat.  Add pork and cook, stirring constantly, 4 minutes or until browned.  Remove pork from skillet.  Add apple to skillet; stir and cook until apple is lightly browned.  Return pork to skillet; add apple juice mixture and cook, stirring, until sauce is thickened.  Serve over rice.

Microwave Oven Instructions:  Follow first three lines of conventional method.  Combine oil and pork in medium microproof baking dish.  Cover and cook on HIGH 1 minute.  Stir and cook on HIGH one more minute.  Add apples; cover and cook 2 minutes.  Add apple juice mixture, stir, and cook uncovered on HIGH power 1 minute.  Stir and cook on HIGH 1 additional minute.  Pour liquid into 1-cup glass measuring cup.  Cook uncovered on HIGH 1 minute; pour over pork mixture.  Let stand 2 minutes.  Serve over rice. "
573,Gingered Beef Stir Fry,,2,,20,15,0,USA Rice Council,," Cut beef diagonally across grain into 1/8-inch slices.  Heat oil in wok or medium skillet over medium-high heat.  Add beef and seasonings and stir-fry until beef is browned.  Add vegetables and stir-fry until vegetables are tender- crisp.  Blend ginger, cornstarch, soy sauce, and 1 tablespoon water in small bowl; add to beef and cook, stirring, until sauce is thickened.  Serve over rice.

Microwave Oven Instructions:  Cut beef diagonally across grain into 1/8-inch slices.  Combine beef, salt, pepper and oil in 1-quart baking dish.  Cover with waxed paper and cook on HIGH 1 minute.  Stir and cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes on HIGH.  Remove beef and set aside.  Add vegetables and cook on HIGH 2 to 3 minutes or until vegetables are tender crisp.  Blend ginger, cornstarch, soy sauce and 1 teaspoon water in small bowl.  Add beef and cornstarch mixture to vegetables.  Cover and cook on HIGH power 1 minute; stir and cook 1 minute longer.  Let stand 2 minutes.  Serve over rice. "
574,Five-Spice Fried Rice,,2,,15,10,0,USA Rice Council,," Cut beef in 1/2-inch cubes.  Combine sugar, five-spice powder and pepper flakes; coat beef cubes with spice mixture.  Heat oil and garlic in medium skillet over medium-high heat.  Brown beef in oil.  Add remaining ingredients; stir-fry until thoroughly heated.

Microwave Oven Instructions:  Combine oil and garlic in medium microproof baking dish.  Cook uncovered on HIGH 30 seconds.  Add beef and cook on HIGH 1 to 2 minutes or until meat loses most of its pink color.  Add remaining ingredients; stir and cook on HIGH 1 to 2 minutes, or until thoroughly heated. "
579,Peach Pita Sandwiches,,2,,10,0,0,Canned Fruit Promotion Service,," Drain peaches, reserving all liquid for other uses.  Slice pita rounds in half and line each half with a lettuce leaf.  Fill each half evenly with cottage cheese, tomato slices, ham slices and peach slices.

Note:  You may use peaches in juice or extra light syrup. "
755,-Avocados-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Dip flesh in lemon juice to prevent darkening.
Use raw, or mash, adding seasonings and lemon juice to use as a dip. "
764,-Grapes-,,4,,10,0,0,,,Serve plain or in fruit salads and desserts.  Also great for garnishes.
774,-Peaches-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve in halves or sliced in fruit salads or desserts.
To peel easily, dip peaches in boiling water, then plunge in cold water.  The skins will slip right off.
Dip flesh in citrus juice to prevent browning. "
576,Sherried Beef,,4,,60,10,0,USA Rice Council,," Combine 1/2 cup water, sherry, and soy sauce; pour over beef and marinate 1 hour.  Stir-fry carrots, green pepper and onion in 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet over medium-high heat.  Remove from skillet; set aside.  Drain beef and reserve marinade.  Brown beef in remaining 1 tablespoon oil.  Combine cornstarch with reserved marinade.  Add vegetable and marinade mixtures to beef; cook, stirring, until sauce is thickened.  Serve over hot rice. "
577,Holiday Stuffed Pork Roast,,6,,20,105,15,USA Rice Council,," Cook almonds in butter in large skillet over medium-high heat until brown.  Add onions and celery; cook until vegetables are tender crisp.  Stir in rice, 1/2 cup orange juice, orange peel, 1 teaspoon ginger, and salt; set aside.  Untie roast, and spoon rice mixture lengthwise between loins.  Retie roast securely with string at 2 to 3-inch intervals; place, fat side down, on rack in shallow roasting pan.  Combine rosemary and pepper; sprinkle over roast.  Insert meat thermometer into thickest part of roast, making sure thermometer does not touch stuffing or fat.  Bake at 325 degrees F.  for 1-1/2 hours.  Combine cranberry sauce, remaining orange juice, remaining ginger, and orange in small saucepan; stir well.  Simmer over medium heat 25 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Brush about 1/2 cup cranberry mixture over pork.  Bake an additional 15 minutes or until meat thermometer registers 170 degrees F.  Let roast stand 10 minutes.  Remove string and slice roast.  Serve with remaining cranberry sauce. "
578,Hot Hoppin' John Salad,,6,,20,15,0,USA Rice Council,," Cook ham, 1/2 cup onion, and garlic in oil until lightly browned.  Stir in rice, peas, hot sauce, pepper and salt.  Cook until thoroughly heated.  Place bacon in large skillet; cook until crisp; set aside.  Drain all but 1 tablespoon drippings.  Add cabbage and remaining onion; stir-fry until tender-crisp.  Spoon onto large platter.  Ladle rice mixture into center of cabbage; crumble bacon over top of salad.  Serve hot or at room temperature. "
580,Sweet'N'Sour Pot Roast,with Pears,6,,10,150,0,Canned Fruit Promotion Service,," Brown chuck roast in oil on both sides over medium heat; drain excess drippings.  Sprinkle roast with salt and pepper.  Drain pears; reserve liquid.  Add onion, 3/4 cup reserved pear liquid, vinegar and spices.  Cover and simmer about 2 1/2 hours or until tender; turn meat after 1 hour.  Add more pear liquid if necessary.  Add pears during last 20 minutes of simmering.  Remove roast and pears to serving platter and keep warm.  Dissolve cornstarch in 2 tablespoons reserved pear liquid and blend into pan liquid.  Cook and stir until thickened.  Adjust seasonings.  Spoon part of sauce over pot roast and pears; pass remainder.

Diet Variations:  Low Sodium - Omit salt.  Low Fat/Low Cholesterol - No modifications.  Use lean, well-trimmed meat.  Reduced Calorie - Use juice-pack pears.  Per serving:  399 Cal.  Diabetic - Use juice-pack pears.  Exchanges:  6 3/4 lean meat, 1 1/2 fruit. "
581,Mock Enchilada Casserole,,6,,10,30,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Make enchilada sauce with the tomato and 1 1/2 cups water as directed on envelope.  While it simmers, brown ground beef lightly in skillet, stirring to break up meat.  Empty beans into a 6-cup casserole, stir in beef (which has been drained of fat) and sauce; put into a 375 degree F.  oven to heat while you mix the cornbread.  When casserole is bubbling hot, drop part of the cornbread batter by spoonfuls over top, like islands with space between.  Put rest of batter into muffin pans.  Bake both casserole and muffins at 375 degrees F.  about 25 minutes.

Note:  Two 16 ounce cans of kidney beans may be substituted for the cooked. "
582,Ham Hock and Lima Bean Soup,,10,,15,180,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Cover ham hocks with water, add onions and garlic, and simmer until tender (about 2 hours).  Add celery and carrots for last hour of cooking.  When ham is done, remove from pot to cool until it can be handled.  Remove skin and bones and cut meat into bite-size pieces.  Return ham to pot and add drained limas.  Cook uncovered for about an hour.  Taste, adding salt if needed.  Mixture should be thick soup consistency.  Add water to thin, or mashed beans to thicken.  Serve hot in individual bowls with hot cornbread.

Note:  Three to five 16 ounce cans of large lima beans may be substituted for the 4 to 8 cups cooked. "
583,Ham and Bean Soup,,6,,240,160,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Soak beans, drain and rinse.  Add 10 cups fresh water, ham hock, onion and garlic to soaked beans.  Cover and simmer 1 1/2 hours.  Add potatoes and carrots, simmer 1 hour.  Remove ham hock; cool slightly.  Cut ham off bones; dice.  Return to soup.  Salt and pepper to taste.  Heat thoroughly.

Chef's tip:  Leftover Bean Soup may be frozen. "
584,Hearty Ribs and Bean Bake,,6,,20,135,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Place ribs in 13 x 9-inch baking dish; add 1/4 cup water.  Cover tightly and cook in moderate oven (350 degree F.) 1 1/4 hours; remove to absorbent paper.  Pour off cooking liquid and reserve.  Combine tomato sauce, onion soup mix, brown sugar, prepared mustard and hot pepper sauce in small saucepan and cook slowly 10 minutes.  Remove excess fat from cooking liquid; add enough water to remaining liquid to make 1 cup.  Stir into sauce mixture.  Combine small white and red kidney beans, celery, pepper strips and all but 1/2 cup sauce.  Place bean mixture into baking dish.  Arrange ribs on top of bean mixture; brush with sauce.  Cover tightly and cook in moderate oven (350 degrees F.) 30 to 45 minutes; remove to warm platter.

Chef's tip:  Country style ribs also can be braised in a Dutch oven on top of the range for 45 to 60 minutes.

Note:  Two 16 ounce cans each of kidney and small white beans may be substituted for the cooked beans. "
585,Greek-Style Beans and Lamb,,6,,240,135,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Soak beans, drain and rinse.  Add 6 cups fresh water; cover and simmer about 1 hour or until nearly tender.  Drain.  In Dutch oven or heavy kettle, saute onion in olive oil.  Add lamb and brown on all sides.  Add beans, 1 1/4 cups water and seasonings.  Simmer, covered, 45 minutes.  Add tomato and 1/4 cup chopped parsley.  Additional water may be added if necessary.  Simmer, covered, about 20 minutes longer or until beans and lamb are tender.  Sprinkle with lemon juice; garnish with additional chopped parsley.

Chef's tip:  Make beans hot and spicy with chili powder, Tabasco or Worcestershire sauce, ground red pepper, catsup, barbecue sauce or mustard. "
658,Santa Fe Salad,,2,,15,0,180,USA Rice Council," A colorful, easy-to-make complete protein. "," Combine rice, beans, corn and onion in medium bowl.  Whisk remaining ingredients in small bowl; pour over rice mixture.  Chill 2 to 3 hours so flavors will blend.  Stir before serving. "
708,Black Bean and Rice Salad,,4,,15,0,0,USA Rice Council," Leftover black beans and rice combine to make a great lowfat, low cholesterol salad. "," Combine rice, beans, tomato, cheese (if desired), and parsley in large bowl.  Pour dressing and lime juice over rice mixture; toss.  Serve on lettuce leaves. "
749,-Celery Sticks-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Wash celery, trim ends and pull stringy parts off the rib.
Cut in half crosswise and serve with salad, soup or with a dip. "
586,Lima Beans and Ham,,4,,20,75,15,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Saute onion and garlic in butter until onion is tender; blend in flour.  Combine with beans, ham, carrots, 1 cup water, wine, mustard, thyme and allspice; salt to taste.  Place in greased 5-cup baking dish.  Bake at 350 degrees F.  1 hour or until most of liquid is absorbed.  Add Buttered Bread Crumbs during last 15 minutes.  Let stand 10 to 15 minutes before serving.

Buttered Bread Crumbs:  Saute 1 cup bread crumbs in 1 tablespoon butter until crumbs are crisp and golden brown.  Makes about 3/4 cup.

Note:  2 cans of cooked large lima beans may be substituted for the cooked dry beans. "
587,Hoppin' John,,4,,240,75,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Soak blackeyes, rinse and drain thoroughly.  Cook bacon in heavy saucepan until browned.  Add onion, green pepper and garlic.  Saute until onion is tender.  Add beans, 2 cups water and seasonings.  Cover and simmer 40 to 50 minutes or until beans are tender.  Remove bay leaf; stir in rice.  Continue simmering about 10 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed.  As an alternative, beans may be served over rice.

Note:  Two cans (16 ounce each) drained and rinsed blackeyes can be substituted.  Reduce water to 1/2 cup and simmer 30 minutes before adding rice. "
589,Mixed Bean Casserole,,6,,10,55,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Trim fat from ham and fry out in large skillet.  Cut ham in small strips and brown lightly in the hot fat.  (If ham is extra lean, add 2 tablespoons oil).  Add garlic and onion; cook until tender.  Add beans and other ingredients.  (The canned baked beans help to flavor the mixture and hold it together).  Taste; add more seasonings and more liquid if needed.  Turn into 2 1/2-quart casserole, top with onion slices, and bake at 350 degrees F.  about 45 minutes.

Note:  One 16 ounce can each of red kidney beans and garbanzos can be substituted for the cooked beans.
One half cup water plus 3 tablespoons vinegar may be substituted for the red wine. "
590,Mexican-Style Bean Sandwiches,,8,,20,25,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Reserve 1/2 cup whole beans; mash remaining beans with fork.  Combine all ingredients except Mexican Red Sauce ingredients (last 4 ingredients, onion through tomato sauce) and rolls; mix well.  Shape into 1 1/2-inch balls.  Place on 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 3/4-inch greased baking pan; bake at 375 degrees F.  20 minutes.  Place meatballs in heated Mexican Red Sauce (recipe below).  From small ends remove part of soft centers of rolls to form cavities.  Spoon 2 meatballs and sauce into cavity of each roll.

Mexican Red Sauce:  Saute 1/2 cup chopped onion in 1 tablespoon oil.  Add 1 can (10 or 11 ounce) enchilada sauce and 1 can (15 ounce) tomato sauce.  Heat 5 minutes; stir occasionally.  Makes about 3 cups.

Chef's tip:  Make meatballs half the size and fill pita bread halves with 3 meatballs.  Serve with sauce.  Makes 8 to 10 sandwiches.

Note:  One 16 ounce can kidney beans may be substituted for the 1 2/3 cups cooked. "
591,Bean Soup Romana,,8,2,240,135,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Sort, rinse and soak beans.  (To maintain color integrity, soak white and colored beans separately.) Saute garlic and onion in oil.  Add drained beans, broth and oregano.  Simmer, covered, until beans are tender.  Add tomatoes, carrots and celery.  Simmer 15 minutes longer.  Stir in spinach and pasta; adjust seasoning with salt.  Simmer 5 minutes or only until thoroughly heated. "
592,Broiled Marinated Beef Top Loin,,4,,1440,20,0,National Cancer Institute,," Stir together the wine, soy sauce, garlic, lime juice, brown sugar, scallions and pepper.  Place the beef in a dish.  Pour the marinade over it.  Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours, turning the meat 2 or 3 times while it marinates.  Preheat the broiler.  Drain the beef and then broil it, approximately 10 minutes on each side for medium rare. "
593,Stir-Fry Pork and Apricots,,4,,10,15,0,California Apricot Advisory Board,This fast and easy sweet and sour pork has a beautiful luster.  Serve with rice and steamed vegetables.," Be sure pork cubes are about 3/4-inch across so that they will cook quickly.  Mix cornstarch and soy sauce.  Add pork cubes and mix to coat.  Turn into hot skillet with oil heated in bottom.  Stir-fry until pork is cooked, about 10 minutes.  Meanwhile, drain apricots, saving syrup (about 3/4 cup).  Mix syrup with Glaze Sauce.  Add sauce to skillet and cook, stirring, until cooked and lustrous.  Add apricots and heat through.

Glaze Sauce:  Combine 1 tablespoon each cornstarch, soy sauce, white distilled vinegar or other light vinegar and 1 1/2 teaspoon prepared Dijon-style mustard.

Note:  If white distilled vinegar is unavailable, use any light vinegar. "
594,Peppered Beef Tenderloin Bundles,,8,,30,15,0,Texas Department of Agriculture,," Have beef tenderloin cut into 8 steaks.

Coat a non-stick skillet with cooking spray; place over medium-high heat until hot.  Add zucchini, mushrooms, onion, garlic and salt; saute until tender.  Sprinkle both sides of steaks with pepper; set aside.  Coat a non-stick skillet with cooking spray; place over high heat until hot.  Add steaks and cook 1- 1/2 minutes on each side.  Remove from skillet; set aside.  Place 1 sheet of phyllo on a towel (keep remaining phyllo covered); spray with cooking spray.  Fold phyllo in half lengthwise; place a steak 3 inches from the end.  Spoon 2 tablespoons zucchini mixture on steak, and fold the narrow end of phyllo over stuffing.  Fold sides of pastry over steak and roll up.

Place second sheet of phyllo on a towel; cut it into a 12-inch square; coat with cooking spray.  Place wrapped steak, stuffing side up, in the center of phyllo square.  Bring ends to the middle, gently pressing together in center, and pull ends up and out to resemble a package.  Coat each bundle with cooking spray and place on a baking sheet coated with cooking spray.  Repeat with remaining steaks.  Bake at 400 degrees F.  for 15 minutes for rare, 17 minutes for medium rare, or 20 minutes for medium. "
595,Beef Fajitas with Fresh Tomatoes,,5,,30,5,0,Florida Tomato Committee,," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Slice tomatoes into wedges (makes about 2 cups); set aside.  Cut beef into 1/4-inch thick slices.  In a shallow pan combine wine, lime juice and peel, garlic, salt and red pepper.  Stir in beef, onion, and green and yellow peppers; mix gently; let stand for 20 minutes.  Preheat broiler to hot.  Using a slotted spoon remove beef and vegetables from marinade; place on a broiler pan in a single layer.  Broil 3 to 4inches from heat until beef is browned, about 2 minutes.  Using a spatula, turn beef and vegetables; place reserved tomatoes on broiler pan.  Broil until beef reaches desired doneness.  Serve in tortillas with shredded Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, sour cream and avocado slices, if desired.

Note:  You may substitute 1 1/4 pounds boned, skinned chicken breasts, if desired. "
724,-Fresh Green Peas-,,4,,20,8,0,,," Shell peas.  Boil in covered saucepan for 8-10 minutes, or until tender.  Drain, season and serve.

Peas may also be steamed instead of boiled.  

Frozen or canned peas can be substituted for the fresh.  Cook to heat and serve. "
752,-Bananas-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Brush with lemon juice to prevent browning when cut.

Eat out of hand, use in fruit salads or as a topping for cereal, yogurt or ice cream. "
596," Tomato, Pork and Pepper Kabob ",,4,,30,12,0,Florida Tomato Committee,," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Cut into wedges (makes about 3 1/2 cups); set aside.  Drain pineapple, reserving juice; set pineapple aside.  Add enough water to pineapple juice to make 1/2 cup liquid; place in a shallow baking dish.  Add soy sauce, mustard, garlic, ginger and red pepper; stir until combined.  Pierce pork liberally with fork; cut into 3/4-inch cubes.  Add to marinade mixture, turning to coat.  Let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes.  Preheat broiler to hot.  Thread pork on skewers, alternating with green peppers and reserved pineapple and tomatoes.  Place on a broiler pan; broil 4 to 5 inches from heat until pork is just cooked through, about 12 minutes, turning once and brushing occasionally with marinade. "
597,Oriental Pork,,4,,70,15,0,Cherry Marketing Institute,," Trim all visible fat from pork and cut into 3/4-inch cubes.  Put pork in a 2-quart microwave-safe dish.  Combine soy sauce, vinegar and garlic; pour over pork.  Marinate pork in sauce about 1 hour, turning cubes often.  Preheat a 10-inch microwave browning dish on HIGH 5 minutes.  Add oil, swirl to coat dish.  Remove pork from marinade, reserving marinade for later use.  Add drained pork to browning dish.  Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH 3 to 4 minutes, or until pork is no longer pink.  Remove pork with a slotted spoon; set aside.  Add cherry filling to the soy sauce marinade, using the same 2-quart microwave-safe dish used to marinate the pork cubes.  Mix well.  Then add cooked pork, pineapple and snow peas.  Stir to combine.  Cover dish with waxed paper.  Microwave on HIGH 5 minutes (stirring and turning dish twice), or until mixture is hot.  Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds, if desired.  Serve over rice. "
598,Hazelnut Beef Stir Fry,,4,,40,10,0,Hazelnut Marketing Board,," Combine teriyaki sauce, 1 tablespoon oil and cornstarch.  Add beef strips and marinate 30 minutes.  Drain beef (reserve marinade) and add to hot oil in skillet.  Add vegetables and cook until meat is done and vegetables are tender crisp.  Add rest of marinade and cook until thickened.  Top with hazelnuts and serve. "
599,Noodle-Crusted Quiche Noel,,8,,30,35,5,American Egg Board,," In medium bowl, beat 1 of the eggs.  Stir in noodles until well blended.  To form crust, spread noodle mixture over bottom and up sides of lightly greased 12 x 7 1/2 x 2-inch baking dish.  

Drain mushroom liquid into medium saucepan.  Set mushrooms aside.  Stir peppers and onion into mushroom liquid.  Cover and cook over medium heat until peppers are tender, about 5 minutes.  Stir in reserved mushrooms and ham.  Sprinkle over noodle crust.

In covered blender container, blend remaining eggs, cheese and seasonings at medium speed until smooth.  Pour over vegetable/ham mixture.

Bake in preheated 375 degree F.  oven until puffed in center and knife inserted near center comes out clean, about 25 to 35 minutes.  Let stand 5 minutes before serving.  Garnish with spinach leaves, if desired. "
601,Pears and Ribs in Honey Sauce,,8,,15,120,0,Oregon-Washington-California Pear Bureau,," Place spareribs in shallow roasting pan.  Bake, uncovered, at 375 degrees F.  1 hour.  Drain excess fat.  Arrange pears and carrots around meat.  Combine honey, lemon juice, curry powder, pepper and dash salt; pour over meat, pears and carrots.  Bake, covered, at 325 degrees F.  50 minutes.  Add green pepper; bake 10 minutes longer.  Arrange ribs, pears and vegetables on serving platter; keep warm.  Pour cooking liquids into saucepan.  Combine cornstarch and water; stir into cooking liquid.  Cook and stir until mixture boils and thickens.  Serve over ribs, pears and vegetables. "
602,Fruited Ham and Blueberry Salad,,6,,20,0,60,North American Blueberry Council,," Line a salad bowl with greens.  Arrange ham, oranges, celery, and blueberries in a pretty pattern on top of greens.  Chill.  Just before serving time, toss with Ruby French Dressing.

Ruby French Dressing:  Combine last 5 ingredients in a jar with a tight fitting lid.  Shake until well blended. "
603," Hearty Roast Beef, Pear and Pea Pod Salad ",,4,,20,0,0,California Tree Fruit Agreement,," On serving platter or individual plates, arrange lettuce leaves.  Place remaining salad ingredients on top.  In small bowl, combine vinaigrette ingredients and drizzle over salad.

Mustard Vinaigrette:  Mix low-cal Italian salad dressing with Dijon-style mustard.

Note:  To keep fruit colors bright, dip pear slices in Mustard Vinaigrette as you cut them, or cut pears just before serving. "
604,Lime-Basted Lamb Kabobs,,6,,40,16,0,California Tree Fruit Agreement,Lime makes the refreshing difference in this marinade.," In large zip-top plastic bag, combine first 7 ingredients for marinade.  Reserve 3 tablespoons marinade.  Add lamb and pearl onions; close bag securely.  Refrigerate 30 minutes, turning bag every 10 minutes.  Remove lamb and onions, reserving marinade for basting.  Thread lamb and onions alternately onto 4 to 6 skewers.  

Cook kabobs on uncovered grill over medium, direct heat, turning frequently and brushing with marinade, about 16 minutes for medium rare, 20 minutes for medium and 24 minutes for well done.  Brush peaches with marinade and place directly on grill during last 8 minutes, turning after 4 minutes.

Combine reserved 3 tablespoons marinade with yogurt, if desired.  Serve as sauce with lamb and peaches.

Tips:  To blanch onions, place whole onions in boiling water.  Return to a boil and simmer about 6 minutes; drain and let stand until cool enough to handle.  Trim stem end and skin will slip off easily.

If using wooden skewers, soak in water 20 minutes before grilling. "
605,Tandoori Pork Saute,,4,,20,42,0,California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Cook pork in nonstick skillet, half at a time, 2 minutes or until browned, turning occasionally.  Transfer to platter.  In same skillet, saute onion and garlic 1 minute.  Add plums; saute 1 minute longer.  Remove from heat.  Return pork to pan.  Combine yogurt with flour.  Add to skillet along with ginger, turmeric and pepper.  Bring to boil, then simmer 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Serve over Nutty Rice and surround with condiments.

Nutty Rice:  Bring 2 cups water to boil in saucepan.  Add 3/4 cup brown rice and 1/4 cup wheat berries.  (Or, omit wheat berries and use 1 cup brown rice.) Return to boil, cover and simmer 20 to 25 minutes or until rice is tender. "
647,Brown Rice and Lentil Stew,,4,,15,60,0,USA Rice Council,An easy-to-make entree that uses only one pan.," Combine all ingredients in Dutch oven or large saucepan; bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 55 minutes to 1 hour, or until rice is tender.  Remove and discard bay leaf. "
719,-Baked Potatoes-,,4,,5,60,0,,," Preheat oven to 425 degrees.  Scrub 4 large baking potatoes.  Wrap in foil and pierce with a fork to allow steam to escape.
Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until done.

For crisper skin, remove from foil for last 15 minutes of baking. "
736,-Frozen Lima Beans-,,4,,3,5,0,,," Heat in boiling water, drain and serve. "
750,-Carrot Sticks-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Trim ends off carrots and peel.  Cut into sticks and serve with salad, soup or with a dip. "
606,Nectarine Beef Saute,,3,,15,10,0,California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Season steak strips with pepper; lightly dredge meat in flour; reserve.  Combine soy sauce and honey; reserve.  Saute onion in hot oil until tender-crisp.  Add garlic and steak; saute until browned.  Add nectarine slices, reserved soy mixture and cayenne pepper.  Cook, stirring constantly, until nectarine slices are warmed and liquid is reduced to glaze, about 1 minute. "
607,Southwest Spaghetti Pie,,6,,20,20,5,National Pasta Association,," Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.  Cook pasta according to package directions.  Whisk together the milk and egg and mix in the hot pasta.  Spread the mixture in a buttered 9 by 13-inch baking dish.  Cook the pork, onion, green pepper, and garlic together in a large skillet for about 6 minutes over medium heat until the pork is cooked through.  Drain or spoon off excess fat.  Stir the chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and black pepper into the pork and cook for about 2 minutes.  Stir in the tomato sauce and cook for 2 minutes more.  Spread the meat over the pasta in the baking dish.  Sprinkle both cheeses evenly over the top.  Bake in the lower third of the oven for about 10 minutes until cheese is melted and the casserole begins to bubble.  Let stand for 5 minutes then cut into squares and serve.

Note:  The casserole can be assembled several hours ahead and refrigerated.  To bake the cold casserole, remove it from the refrigerator about 15 minutes before baking.  Bake at 350 degrees F.  for about 25 minutes, until heated through and the cheese is melted and bubbly. "
608,German Egg Noodle and Meatball Soup,,8,,30,10,0,National Pasta Association,," Prepare pasta according to package directions, drain.  Meanwhile, mix together thoroughly the ground pork, ground veal, horseradish, mustard, chopped parsley, salt and pepper.  Form the meatball mixture into bite-size balls.  Brown the meatballs in a large skillet over medium-high heat using 2 teaspoons of the vegetable oil.  When all the meatballs are brown, set them aside to drain on paper towels.  In a large soup kettle, warm the remaining 2 teaspoons vegetable oil over medium-low heat.  Add the chopped onion to the kettle and let it cook until it is very soft and beginning to brown.  Add the apples to the onions and cook for an additional 3 minutes or until the apples are beginning to soften.  Add the chicken broth and the meatballs.  When the soup comes to a boil, adjust the heat to allow it to simmer for 5 minutes.  Add pasta, and salt if necessary, serve. "
609,Orzo and Pumpkin Soup with Sage,,10,,15,30,0,National Pasta Association,," Prepare pasta according to package directions, drain.  Heat the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat.  Add the onion to the butter.  Cover the pan and let the onion cook until softened and lightly browned, about 6 minutes.  Remove the cover and add the pumpkin, sage and pork loin.  Saute until the pumpkin begins to soften and the sage is fragrant, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add the chicken broth and orzo and bring the soup to a simmer.  Adjust the temperature to maintain a simmer and let the soup cook for 8 to 10 minutes.  Just before serving adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper and stir in the parsley.

Note:  If fresh sage is unavailable, use 1 teaspoon dried. "
610,Fettuccine with Lamb and Mint,,4,,10,15,0,National Pasta Association,," Prepare pasta according to package directions.  Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.  Add the garlic and scallions and saute for 1 minute until softened, but not brown.  Add the lamb and saute just until the pink color disappears, about 6-7 minutes, crumbling into small pieces.  Drain and return to the skillet.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Add the tomatoes and reserved juice and saute until heated through, about 3 minutes.  Add the mint and mix well.  Transfer to a large bowl and toss together with the fettuccine.  Serve immediately or refrigerate overnight and serve chilled.  If the sauce was absorbed by storing overnight, you may want to use the optional oil and vinegar to make a dressing when serving cold.  Whisk the additional oil together with the red wine vinegar and toss together with the pasta.  Garnish with fresh mint and toasted pine nuts.

Notes:  One 14.5 ounce can tomatoes, drained with 1/2 cup liquid reserved may be substituted for the fresh tomatoes.
If fresh mint is unavailable, use 1 teaspoon dried in place of the 4 tablespoons fresh used in the recipe. "
611,Texas Chili 'n Pasta,,8,,20,120,0,National Pasta Association,," Prepare pasta according to package directions, drain.  Heat oil over medium high heat in a large, heavy pan.  Add meat and garlic and brown lightly.  Add seasonings and stir to coat meat.  Add tomatoes and water.  Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer 1-1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.  Add cold water to cornmeal and stir to make paste.  Stir into hot beef mixture.  Continue to cook and stir for 20-30 minutes uncovered until desired consistency.  Serve over hot pasta. "
613,Sweet and Sour Barbecue Sauce,,6,1 cup,10,10,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",Not all barbecue sauces are hot and spicy.  Brown sugar allows the tangy seasonings in this recipe to mellow to a delicious blend of savory flavors ready for meat or chicken grilled outdoors or in the kitchen oven.," In medium saucepan, heat oil and saute onion and garlic until tender.  Add brown sugar and remaining ingredients.  Cook, partially covered, over medium heat for 10 minutes until sauce thickens.  Stir occasionally.  Brush sauce on meat during last 20 minutes of cooking. "
615,Moroccan Egg Salad,,6,,20,5,5,The Egg Nutrition Center,A tasty twist on typical egg salad.," In medium saucepan, bring broth to boiling.  Stir in couscous and fruits.  Remove from heat.  Cover and let stand 5 minutes.  In medium bowl, blend dressing and lemon juice.  Add reserved couscous and toss until evenly moistened.  Chop 3 eggs.  Discard remaining yolks and chop whites.  Add to couscous mixture along with vegetables.  Toss until well combined.  To serve mound on serving plate.  Garnish with spinach leaves, if desired. "
616,Three Cheese Potatoes,,8,,10,30,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture,," Cover potatoes with salted water and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and cook until tender; cool slightly.  Slice potatoes and place in large bowl.  In
separate bowl, combine cottage cheese, sour cream, green onion, parsley dill and salt.  Add to potatoes.  Spoon potato mixture into lightly greased 1-1/2 quart casserole dish.  Sprinkle with cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses.  Bake at 350 degrees F.  for 30 minutes or until bubbly. "
622,Pear Waldorf Salad,,6,,10,0,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Gently toss pears in lemon juice.  Arrange pears, celery and cereal on bed of lettuce.  Spoon yogurt over individual servings. "
665,Pear Brown Rice,,6,,20,0,60,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Spice up leftover brown rice with fruit and seasonings for a sensational side dish.,Combine first 5 ingredients.  Toss with pears; reserve.  Combine rice and remaining ingredients.  Gently fold in pears.  Chill.
672,Summer Vegetable Paella,,6,,10,8,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,,Heat olive or vegetable oil in large nonstick skillet.  Stir-fry broccoli and zucchini 5 minutes.  Add tomato and nectarines; cover and cook 2 to 3 minutes.
617,Asparagus Mushroom Frittata,,6,,10,17,0,The American Egg Board,," In 10-inch omelet pan or skillet with oven-proof handle over medium heat, cover and cook asparagus, mushrooms and onions until onion is tender but not brown, about 5 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Set aside 8 asparagus spears and 8 mushroom slices.  Cut remaining spears into thirds and return to pan.  Stir in oil.  Beat together eggs, cheese, lemon juice, dill weed and salt, if desired until blended.  Pour over vegetables.  Reduce heat to low.  Cover and cook until eggs are almost set, about 7 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Uncover.  Arrange reserved asparagus spears in spoke-fashion over eggs.  Place reserved mushroom slices between asparagus spears.  Broil 6 inches from heat until eggs are set, about 3 to 5 minutes.  Garnish with dill sprigs if desired.  Cut into wedges and serve from pan or slide from pan onto serving platter.

Note:  If part-skim ricotta is unavailable, use low-fat 1% cottage cheese. "
618,Hot or Cold Layered Potato Salad,,4,,20,20,0,The American Egg Board," A versatile, colorful dish served hot or cold. "," Reserve a few center egg slices for garnish.  In 10 x 6 x 1-1/2 inch baking dish or casserole (oven-proof for heated version), evenly layer 1/3 of the potatoes, the carrots, another 1/3 of the potatoes, the zucchini, the remaining 1/3 of the potatoes, the unreserved egg slices and the tomatoes.  Evenly drizzle with dressing.  To serve cold, cover and chill to blend flavors, several hours or overnight.  To serve hot, bake, covered, in preheated 350 degree F.  oven until heated through, about 20 minutes.  Garnish with reserved egg slices and parsley, if desired.  For each serving, serve a portion of all layers. "
621,Spaghetti Squash,with Parsley and Garlic,8,,10,33,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,The spaghetti-like strands of this unusual squash are very good tossed with garlic and parsley.  Be sure to cut the squash crosswise or else you will cut the strands in half.," In large pot of boiling water, cook whole spaghetti squash until tender when pierced with skewer, about 30 minutes (some varieties of spaghetti squash may take longer).  

In small skillet, melt margarine over medium-low heat; add garlic and cook until tender, about 1 minute.  

Drain squash and cut in half crosswise.  Scoop out seeds.  Run tines of fork lengthwise over squash to loosen spaghetti-like strands; scoop out strands into baking dish or serving bowl.  Add garlic mixture, parsley, yogurt (if using), and pepper to taste; toss to mix.
 
MICROWAVE METHOD:  Pierce spaghetti squash in 10 to 15 places with a fork; place in microwave-safe dish and microwave at HIGH (100%) power for 5 to 7 minutes per pound or until tender when pierced with fork.  Turn over halfway through cooking.  Let stand 5 minutes.
 
TO STEAM:  Cut squash in half crosswise; scoop out seeds.  Steam for 15 to 20 minutes or until tender.

Note:  A 4 pound spaghetti squash will yield about 5 cups. "
623,Plum Wild Rice,,8,,20,0,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Plump raisins and apricots in hot water and cover 10 minutes.  Drain.  Combine cooked rice, raisins, apricots, chives and plums.  If desired, toss with dressing and garnish with pecans.

DRESSING:  Combine 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice, 3/4 teaspoon Dijon-style mustard and 3/4 teaspoon honey.  Slowly add 1/3 cup olive oil, blending constantly.  Add 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander and 1/4 teaspoon pepper; mix well. "
625,Bean 'n' Vegetable Medley,,6,,10,30,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Combine all ingredients except beans and parsley; simmer 30 minutes or until vegetables are tender.  Drain; reserve 1/4 cup liquid.  Puree vegetables in food processor or food mill until smooth.  Puree beans and combine with vegetables; blend in reserved liquid.  Garnish with parsley.

Note:  Two 16-ounce cans of small white beans may be used in place of the cooked. "
626,Spicy Vegetarian Chili,Vegetarian Chili,4,,15,30,0,The National Cancer Institute,," In a large, nonreactive soup kettle warm the oil over low heat.  Add the onion, carrot, garlic, red and green peppers, and jalapenos.  Cover the kettle and cook the vegetables until they are very soft, about 10 minutes.  Remove the lid, add the chili powder and cumin, and cook an additional 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add the beans and the tomatoes and their juice.  Increase the heat to medium and bring the chili to a simmer.  Adjust the heat to maintain a simmer and let the chili cook for 20 minutes.  Stir in the salt, pepper, and cilantro and serve. "
627,Fettuccine with Walnuts and California Avocado,,6,,15,6,0,California Avocado Commission,," In a large bowl combine the olive oil, vinegar, basil, green onions, sundried tomatoes, walnuts and half of the California avocado.  Toss ingredients well so they are evenly coated with the oil and vinegar.  Cook pasta in boiling water for 6 minutes or until 'al dente.' Drain pasta and pour into salad bowl with other ingredients while pasta is still hot.  Toss all ingredients and serve immediately using the remaining California avocado as garnish on top of the pasta. "
628,Pasta-Veggie Scramble,,2,,10,10,0,The Egg Nutrition Center,," Spray 10-inch omelet pan or skillet with non-stick pan spray.  Add zucchini, onions and red pepper.  Cover and cook over medium heat until zucchini is crisp-tender, about 3 minutes.  Meanwhile, beat together whole eggs and whites, cheese and seasonings.  Pour over vegetables.  Add fettuccine or linguine and tomatoes.  As egg mixture begins to set, gently draw an inverted pancake turner completely across bottom and sides of pan.  Continue until eggs are thickened but still moist.  Do not stir constantly.  Serve immediately. "
629,Pasta with Sauteed Artichokes,,4,,15,7,0,The California Artichoke Advisory Board,," Bend back outer petals of artichoke until they snap off easily near base.  Edible portion of petal should remain on artichoke heart.  Continue to snap off and discard thick petals until central core of pale green petals is reached.  Cut off top 2 inches of artichoke; discard.  Cut off stem; reserve.  Trim outer dark green layer from artichoke bottom and stem; rub all surfaces with lemon to prevent discoloration.  Quarter artichoke lengthwise.  Remove center petals and choke; discard.  Rub again with lemon.  Cut artichoke and stem into very thin lengthwise slices.  Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat.  Add artichoke and mushrooms; cook 2 minutes.  Add wine, green onion and basil; simmer, covered, about 5 minutes or until liquid has evaporated and artichokes are tender.  Add salt to taste.  Serve over hot pasta.  Pass Parmesan cheese and cracked pepper. "
632,Basil Tomato Salad,,6,,10,0,60,USA Rice Council," Easy to make from leftover rice, this colorful salad makes a great side dish or light lunch. "," Whisk together oil, vinegar, basil, salt, and pepper in large bowl.  Add rice, tomatoes, cucumber, and onion; toss.  Serve chilled.
Note:  Substitute 1 teaspoon dried basil for fresh. "
652,Party-Fare Pistachio Pasta,,8,,15,7,0,The California Pistachio Commission,Delicious served with chicken or scallops,Saute garlic and onion in oil or butter until onion is tender.  Add remaining ingredients except cheese.  Toss together; heat 2 minutes.  Toss with Parmesan cheese.
688,Plum Ratatouille,,6,,15,20,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," In large nonstick skillet, saute zucchini, eggplant and onion in vegetable
oil 15 minutes or until tender.  Add remaining ingredients except lemon wedges.  Lower heat, cover and cook, stirring occasionally until plums are tender, about 4 minutes.  Squirt fresh lemon juice over just before serving. "
630,Rice Primavera,,6,,10,15,0,USA Rice Council,," Heat garlic with oil in large skillet over medium-high heat; discard garlic.  Cook broccoli, zucchini, and mushrooms in oil until almost tender crisp.  Add tomatoes and parsley; cook one minute longer.  Remove vegetables; set aside.  Place mayonnaise in same skillet; stir in milk cheese and pepper.  Cook over medium heat, stirring until smooth.  Add rice; toss to coat.  Stir in reserved vegetables; heat through.  Serve immediately. "
631,Apple Stuffed Squash,,4,,15,60,0,USA Rice Council,," Place squash cut-side down in shallow baking pan.  Bake at 350 degrees F.  for 30 minutes.  Turn squash cut-side up; brush with butter (or margarine).  Sprinkle with salt and cinnamon.  Combine rice, applesauce, celery, pecans, brown sugar, onion powder, and ginger.  Fill squash evenly with rice stuffing.  Bake, uncovered, 20 to 30 minutes.  Garnish with apple wedges. "
633,Pasta Pizza,,8,,20,25,0,The National Pasta Association,," Prepare pasta according to package directions, but reduce cooking time by 1 to 2 minutes, drain.  Meanwhile, chop the vegetables, mince herbs, and grate cheeses.  Brush a 9-x-13-x-2 inch baking dish with oil.  Transfer pasta to baking dish and toss it with the mixed herbs, tomato sauce, and Romano cheese.  Pour the crushed tomatoes over the top then layer all the rest of the ingredients, topping them with mozzarella.  Bake at 400 degrees for 15 minutes and serve.

Notes:  Suggested vegetables:  celery, onions, red and green peppers, zucchini, carrots, spinach, or parsley.  
2 cups chopped fresh tomatoes can be substituted for canned tomatoes.  
1/4 cup minced fresh herbs can be substituted for dried Italian herbs. "
634,Sauce Raito,,4,2 cups,20,50,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,," Cook pasta according to package directions.  Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Core and chop tomatoes (makes about 3-1/2 cups).  In a large skillet heat olive oil until hot.  Add onions and garlic; saute until tender, about 5 minutes.  Add water, wine, oregano, thyme, bay leaf, salt and black pepper; bring to a boil.  Boil for 5 minutes.  Add tomatoes; gherkins and capers; simmer uncovered, until liquid evaporates, 15 or 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Remove bay leaf.  Add parsley.  Serve over hot cooked pasta. "
635,Avocado Pizza Pie,,6,,20,20,0,The California Avocado Commission,A great recipe for children to help prepare.," Follow directions for use of pizza dough.  Let child top pizza using the various ingredients, with the exception of the avocados.  Bake in a preheated 325 F.  oven on a rack or cookie sheet for approximately 20 minutes.  Let child add avocado slices tomatoes and mushrooms making the face of a clown. "
636,Cheese Stuffed Tomatoes,,6,,15,20,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," In blender or food processor, whip cottage cheese with lemon juice.  In a large skillet, melt margarine.  Add mushrooms-onion mixture.  Stir in cottage cheese and cook about 5 minutes.  DO NOT BOIL.  Stuff tomato shells and bake in a preheated 375 degree F.  oven for 15-20 minutes. "
637,California Quesadilla,,6,,140,85,0,The California Avocado Commission,," For Quesadilla:  Cook flour tortillas in nonstick pan until crispy.  Remove and top each one with equal portions of grated cheese, green and red bell peppers, tomato and fresh basil.  Place tortillas on a cookie sheet in a preheated 300 degree F.  oven for approximately 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and bubbly.  Cut quesadilla into 6 slices and top each with a slice of California avocado.
For Black Bean Dip:  Soak beans in cold water for 2 hours.  Cook beans approximately 1 hour in fresh water or until tender.  Drain and mash with a fork.  Let cool, then add basil, yogurt and ground peppercorns.
For Corn Tortilla Chips:  Brush 6 corn tortillas on both sides with a little olive oil.  Place on cookie sheet in preheated 300 degree F.  oven.  Cook both sides until crispy.  Cut each tortilla into 8 slices.
Serve quesadilla, bean dip and chips together. "
638,California Sunshine Salad,,8,1 quart,30,0,120,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,A delicious combination that provides complete protein.," Combine beans, corn, celery onion, pimiento, and green pepper.  Moisten to taste with Golden Gate Dressing.  Chill.

Golden Gate Dressing:  Mix dry ingredients:  sugar, dry mustard, salt, flour.  Beat egg with fork in small bowl.  Beat in dry mixture.  Heat vinegar, water and butter in saucepan.  Remove from heat while you gradually add egg mixture, stirring fast.  Then put back to cook, stirring constantly, 2 or 3 minutes, until smooth and thick.  Makes 1-3/4 cups.  Fine for potato, cabbage, tuna or other salads.

Note:  2 egg yolks may be used instead of 1 whole egg. "
639,Homemade Corn Tortillas,,6,12 tortillas,15,15,0,The California Beef Council,," In a large bowl, mix masa harina* and water, adding additional water as necessary to make a smooth dough.  Knead 1 minute.  Form into 12 balls each about 1 1/2 inches in diameter.  Cover with plastic wrap.  Heat griddle or heavy skillet over high heat.  For each tortilla, place one ball between two plastic baggies.  Press into a 4-inch circle using a plate or a tortilla press.  Reduce heat under griddle to medium.  Cook one tortilla at a time for 30 seconds on one side, turn and cook 1 minute on other side.  Turn again and cook for a few seconds, remove to warm plate.  Repeat with remaining tortillas.  

NOTE:  Cool tortillas may be wrapped in plastic wrap and refrigerated up to 1 day.  To serve, heat on hot griddle or cover with a paper towel and microwave 2 tortillas at a time on high heat for 15 to 20 seconds.  

*Masa harina (a specially treated corn four) is produced in the
U.S.  by Quaker Foods and is sold in most supermarkets. "
640,Brunch Rice,,6,,15,11,0,USA Rice Council,," Melt margarine in large skillet over medium-high heat until hot.  Add carrots, green pepper, and mushroom; cook 2 minutes.  Combine egg whites, eggs, milk, salt, and black pepper in small bowl.  Reduce heat to medium and pour egg mixture over vegetables.  Continue stirring 1-1/2 to 2 minutes.  Add rice and cheese; stir to gently separate grains.  Heat 2 minutes.  Serve immediately or spoon mixture into warm corn tortillas, if desired.

Microwave Oven Instructions:  Combine carrots, green pepper, mushrooms, and margarine in 2-1/2 quart microproof baking dish.  Cover and cook on HIGH 4 minutes.  Combine egg whites, eggs, milk, salt and black pepper in small mixing bowl; pour over vegetables.  Cook on HIGH 4 minutes, stirring with fork after each minute to cut cooked eggs into small pieces.  Stir in rice; cook on HIGH about 1 minute until heated. "
716,-Green Beans and New Potatoes-,,4,,15,15,0,,," Trim, wash and snap beans in 1-2 inch lengths.  Wash potatoes and cut in half if small and in quarters if large.  Place potatoes in saucepan and cover with water.  Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes, add beans and cook for another 10 minutes or until both are tender.  Drain, season and serve. "
761,-Sweet Cherries-,,4,,20,0,0,,," Remove stem, then scoop out pits with a cherry pitter or the point of a vegetable peeler or leave pits in and eat out of hand. "
766,-Kumquats-,,4,,5,0,0,,,Serve plain or use in fruit salads or desserts.
641,Sherried Black Bean Soup,,6,,15,30,0,USA Rice Council," Canned beans and cooked brown rice make this a quick to fix, tasty recipe. "," Reserve 1 cup black beans.  Puree remaining beans with 1-1/2 cups water in electric blender or food processor; set aside.  Cook onions, celery, and carrots in oil until tender crisp.  Add reserved broth, chiles, rice bran, pepper, and whole and pureed beans.  Simmer uncovered 10 to 15 minutes.  Remove from heat; stir in sherry.  Top each serving with 1/2 cup rice.  Garnish with green onions and tomatoes. "
642,Italian Stuffed Tomato Salad,,4,,20,0,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Core tomatoes; cut a thin slice from tops.  Scoop out pulp leaving 1/4-inch shells; chop pulp.  In a medium bowl place 1/2 cup pulp (use remaining pulp for sauces, soups etc.) Add beans, celery, bread crumbs, Parmesan, green onions or scallions, salad dressing, paprika, salt and black pepper; stir gently to combine.  Fill tomato shells; place on a serving platter with lettuce leaves, if desired.

Note:  Use 4 tomatoes weighing about 2 pounds. "
643,California Tree Fruit Salad with Honey-Vanilla Dressing,,4,,15,0,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Core pear, slice fruit into wedges.  Dip fruit into lemon-water mixture.  Arrange fruit on platter or individual plates.  Garnish with mint, if desired.  In small bowl, combine dressing ingredients, (yogurt, vanilla extract, and honey).  Place dressing in bowl for dipping or pour over fruit. "
644,Deep Dish Vegetable Pizza,,3,,15,43,120,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,An easy pizza to make at home.," Thaw bread dough.  Spray a 9-inch round pan with non-stick spray.  Line the pan with dough, stretching it to fill the bottom and part-way up the sides of the pan.  Cover loosely with a towel and allow to rise for 1 to 2 hours at room temperature.

Combine tomato sauce and spices in a small pan; simmer 10 minutes.  Steam broccoli or bok choy for 2 to 3 minutes.

Sprinkle mozzarella and half the Parmesan cheese over the crust.  Spread on tomato sauce, then distribute vegetables and remaining Parmesan over sauce.  Bake at 375 degrees F.  for 30 minutes. "
645,Broccoli Amandine,,4,,17,60,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,," Scrub potatoes well.  Dry, then prick with a fork.  Bake in a 425 degree F.  oven 55-60 minutes, until soft.  In medium saucepan heat oil; saute onion and garlic until onion is tender.  Add broccoli, chicken broth and vinegar.  Bring to a boil.  Cover.  Cook 2-3 minutes, until broccoli is crisp-tender.  Mix cornstarch with soy sauce, stir into pan; return to boiling, boil 1 minute.  Just before serving, stir in almonds and pimiento.  Cut an 'x' in the top of each potato with tines of a fork, then push up some of the potato with slight pressure of the finger.  Spoon topping over each blossomed potato. "
646,Mushroom and Spinach Lasagne,,8,,25,60,0,The National Cancer Institute," Lowfat cheeses, spinach and whole wheat lasagne noodles boost the nutrition content of this dish. "," Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.  Warm the oil in a large, non-stick skillet over low heat.  Add the onion and garlic.  Cook until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add the mushrooms and turn the heat up to medium.  Cook the mushrooms until almost all the liquid has evaporated.  Add the spinach.  Increase the heat to high, and stir until almost all the liquid has cooked away.  Stir in the salt, pepper and nutmeg.  Set the mixture aside.  Stir the egg into ricotta.   

TO ASSEMBLE:  Set aside 1/2 cup mozzarella.  Spread half the tomato sauce onto the bottom of a 9-x-12 inch glass or ceramic lasagne dish.  Lay one-third of the pasta over the tomato sauce.  Spread half the ricotta over the pasta and then half the spinach mixture over the ricotta.  Sprinkle on 1/2 cup mozzarella.  Cover with another layer of pasta and then repeat the ricotta, spinach and mozzarella layers.  Lay the remaining pasta on top.  Spread the rest of the tomato sauce over the pasta and then sprinkle the 1/2 cup of mozzarella on top of the lasagna.  Bake 45 minutes, until brown on top and bubbling. "
648,Warm Tomato-Pepper Pasta,,4,,10,17,0,The California Tomato Board,," Saute onion and garlic in oil until soft.  Add red bell pepper and saute until tender-crisp, about 2 minutes.  Stir in tomato and cook over high heat until juices evaporate.  Stir in cheese and next 4 ingredients; reserve.  Cook pasta and drain well.  Toss hot pasta with reserved tomato mixture.  Serve immediately or at room temperature. "
649,Curried Bean and Rice Salad,,4,,15,22,60,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Saute curry powder in butter or margarine several seconds.  Stir in chicken broth; bring to boil.  Add rice; cover and simmer 20 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed.  Stir in celery, green onion, green pepper and lime juice.  Chill thoroughly.  Stir beans (pink or red), yogurt, almonds and seasonings into rice mixture.  Garnish with tomato, eggs and parsley. "
650,Lasagne-Spinach Spirals,,6,,30,35,0,The National Pasta Association,," Drain spinach well, squeezing out excess juice.  Prepare lasagne according to package directions.  Rinse and drain.  Place vegetable oil in a medium-sized nonstick skillet and heat over medium-high heat.  Add onion and saute until tender.  Mix in spinach.  Set aside and cool slightly.  In a large mixing bowl, combine spinach mixture, ricotta and Parmesan cheese, egg and spices.  Spread spinach mixture equally on lasagne and roll up each piece jelly-roll style.  Place half of the spaghetti sauce in a 13-by-9-by-2-inch baking dish.  Place pasta spinach spirals, seam side down, in dish.  Top with remaining spaghetti sauce and mozzarella cheese, if desired.  Bake, uncovered, in a 350 degree oven until heated, about 25 minutes. "
651,Mama's Macaroni and Cheese,,8,,20,30,0,The National Pasta Association,A lowfat version of every child's favorite.," Macaroni can be large elbow, or other short pasta shape, prepared according to package directions.  Spray a 2-quart casserole with cooking spray and set aside.  Transfer cooked macaroni to prepared casserole.  In a medium-sized saucepan, melt margarine.  Stir in flour, salt, pepper, paprika and mustard.  Cook stirring constantly, for 2 to 3 minutes.  Gradually stir in milk and continue stirring until mixture thickens slightly.  Add cheese and stir until melted.  Stir cheese mixture into macaroni.  Bake at 375 degrees for about 20 minutes, or until lightly golden. "
759,-Cranberries-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Wash and remove stems.  Chop fine if using in a relish or sauce.

As they are quite tart you must add some type of sweetener to make cranberries palatable. "
762,-Figs-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve tender fresh figs raw with skin on, or peel and cut into a salad.  Can also be stewed in 2 cups of water, 1 1/2 cups of sugar and 2 tablespoons lemon juice for each quart of figs. "
768,-Casaba Melon-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Halve and seed.  Serve halved, sliced, cubed or in balls. "
772,-Oranges-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve sectioned, plain, or in a fruit salad. "
773,-Papayas-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve plain or raw in fruit salads or desserts.  
Choose yellow fruit, as the green will not ripen.  They range from 1 to 20 pounds, the 2-3 pound size being the best. "
655,Cheese and Chili Skins,,6,,10,20,0,The Egg Nutrtion Center,," Chop 2 whole eggs and 4 whites.  Stir together with remaining ingredients except potato skins and sauce.  Spoon about 2 tablespoons of the egg mixture into each potato skin.  (Skins may vary in size.) Place on lightly oiled baking sheet.  Bake in preheated 425 F.  oven until heated through and cheese is melted, about 20 minutes.  Top with taco sauce. "
656,Stewed Tomatoes with Chickpeas,,6,4 cups,10,21,0,The Florida Tomato Committee," Serve over rice, with salad and bread for a complete meal. "," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Core and coarsely chop tomatoes (makes about 5-1/2 cups).  In a large skillet heat oil until hot.  Add onions and garlic; cook and stir until tender, about 4 minutes.  Stir in salt, thyme, sugar, black pepper and reserved tomatoes.  Cook uncovered, until tomatoes are softened, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add chick peas; cook until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes longer.  Stir in parsley. "
657,Meatless Chili,,18,,10,200,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Recipe can be halved and made in electric stockpot.  Freezes well.  

Combine all ingredients except rice in 8-quart stockpot.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce to medium heat and cook partially covered for 3 to 3-1/3 hours stirring occasionally.  

Meanwhile, cook rice in 3-quart saucepan according to package directions.  Set aside.  

To serve, place 1/2 cup rice in bowl and top with 1-1/2 cups chili.

Note:  Fresh or frozen tomatoes may be used in place of the canned. "
659,Ratatouille Pasta,,6,,15,25,0,The National Pasta Association,," Prepare pasta according to package directions and set aside.  
Meanwhile over medium heat, pour oil into large skillet, add minced garlic and onion and cook 1 minute.  Squeeze out excess moisture from diced eggplant and seeded zucchini and add to onion mixture.  Over medium heat, saute vegetables until tender, stirring often, about 5 minutes; reserve.  In same skillet, heat tomatoes over high heat for 5 minutes until liquid is reduced by about half.  Add basil.  Cook one more minute.  Add eggplant and pasta and toss.  Sprinkle with grated cheese.
Note:  1 teaspoon of dried basil may be substituted for fresh basil. "
660,Pasta with Peanut Sauce,,4,,20,15,60,The National Pasta Association," A tasty noodle dish that has become popular in upscale restaurants.  Luckily, it's easy to make at home. "," Spaghetti can be vermicelli or other long, thin pasta, broken in half and cooked according to package directions.  Toss spaghetti with sesame oil and set aside.  In a mixing bowl, combine peanut butter, vinegar, soy sauce, chili sauce, sherry, and sugar.  Stir together to form a smooth consistency.  In a small sauce pan of boiling water, blanch the carrots and snow peas; drain and refresh under running water.  Add the vegetables and peanuts to the pasta.  Pour the peanut butter sauce on top; toss and refrigerate. "
661,Frijoles Rancheros,,6,3 cups,10,25,0,The American Cancer Society," A tasty, easy version of refried beans that are not high in fat. "," Spray a large skillet with cooking spray.  Add tomatoes, bell pepper, chiles, onion, garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper.  Cook over medium heat for about 5 minutes, stirring, until vegetables are softened.  Adjust heat to low.  Mix in beans and cook 10-15 minutes, stirring often.  Serve and sprinkle with cilantro. "
662,Tuscan Bean Salad,,8,,140,0,120,The American Cancer Society," A tasty bean salad that can serve as a main dish, side dish or salad. "," Cook and drain beans, rinse with cold water; cover and refrigerate until well chilled.  In medium bowl, combine beans and diced vegetables; toss to mix.  In small bowl, mix well:  vinegar, oil, chives, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.  Add dressing to bean mixture and toss to combine.  Let beans marinate at room temperature for 2 hours before serving. "
663,Bryani,,6,,20,70,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A traditional Indian rice dish which is low in fat and quite tasty.," Place frozen beans in colander.  Run hot water over to thaw; drain well.  Combine Curry Rice (see below), onion and garlic.  Turn half into 1-1/2 quart casserole.  Cover with peaches, cashews and green beans.  Top with remaining Curry Rice mixture.  Microwave until heated through or cover with foil and bake in 375 degree F.  oven 50 minutes.  As an option, serve with plain low-fat yogurt, additional sliced peaches and raisins.
             
CURRY RICE:  Combine 2 cups water, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon in saucepan.  Cover and bring to boil.  Add 1 cup long grain white rice, cover and return to boil.  Reduce heat; simmer 20 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. "
664,Fresh Greens with Honey and Oranges,,6,,20,7,0,The California Beef Council,," In a small saucepan bring water, honey and vinegar to a boil; reduce heat and simmer 2 minutes.  Remove from heat; let cool.  Arrange butter lettuce and radicchio on six salad plates.  With a sharp knife, cut, peel and pith off oranges.  Cut oranges into sections between membrane.  Divide orange sections among salad plates.  Drizzle each salad with dressing. "
666,Saffron Risotto Primavera,,4,,20,40,0,USA Rice Council," A traditional Italian way to cook rice which results in a creamy side dish.  Best served hot, as this dish doesn't wait. "," Cook mushrooms, zucchini, and red pepper until tender crisp in 1 teaspoon oil in large skillet over medium-high heat.  Remove vegetables; set aside.  Cook onions in remaining 1 teaspoon oil in same skillet until soft.  Add rice and saffron; stir 2 to 3 minutes.  Add wine and stir until absorbed.  Stir in broth.  Cook, uncovered, stirring frequently, until broth is absorbed.  Continue stirring and add 2 cups water, allowing the first cup to be absorbed before adding the second.  Cook until rice is tender and mixture has a creamy consistency.  It will take approximately 25 to 30 minutes.  Stir in cheese, parsley, white pepper, and reserved vegetables.  Serve immediately. "
667,Bake Mine Vegetarian,,16,,25,85,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,Good for a crowd for lunch or meatless dinner.  The cooking time includes baking the potatoes.  If you're using the oven the day before making this dish you may consider baking the potatoes then.," In large heavy saucepan heat oil over medium heat; saute onion and garlic 3 minutes.  Add tomatoes, eggplant, green beans, thyme, parsley, and basil.  Cook 20 minutes.  Add Parmesan cheese, stir to combine.  Cook 1 minute longer.  Spoon over baked, blossomed potatoes.  Sprinkle with mozzarella, if desired. "
689," White Bean, Olive and Tomato Salad ",,4,4 cups,15,0,60,The California Olive Industry,,Combine all ingredients; toss gently to mix.  Taste and add lemon juice if desired.  Chill until ready to serve.
720,-Boiled or Mashed Potatoes-,,4,,15,15,0,,," Peel and cut potatoes into pieces.  Cover with water in pan and boil over medium-high heat for 15 minutes or until tender.  Drain.  

Mashed potatoes:  Mash or beat with an electric mixer, adding about 1/4 cup softened butter or lowfat margarine, 1/4 cup milk and salt and pepper to taste, until creamy.  Serve hot. "
758,-Strawberries-,,4,,10,0,0,,,Wash and hull.  Serve whole or sliced.
668,Fresh Greens with Pasta,,6,,10,13,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture,This dish tastes best in winter when greens are at their peak.," Other pasta may be substituted for linguine.  Clean and stem greens, removing tough ribs.  Cut greens into 1/2 inch strips and dry well.  Saute greens and garlic in butter over low heat.  Cover and cook until greens are wilted, about 1 minute.  Toss cooked pasta with greens.  Season with salt, pepper and Parmesan cheese. "
669,Mixed Bean Salad,,8,,15,3,720,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Drain all beans to a large bowl.  
Thoroughly mix dry ingredients in a saucepan.  Add 1/2 cup cold water; stir until smooth.  Gradually stir in 1-1/2 cups boiling water.  Boil, stirring 2 to 3 minutes until thick and clear.  Blend in vinegar.  (If sweet pickle vinegar runs short, add wine vinegar to make right measure.) 

Add the dressing, hot or cold, to the beans and mix gently.  Taste; add salt if needed.  Cover and chill overnight or longer.  At serving time drain off excess dressing, empty beans into deep platter, and garnish with lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and onion rings. "
670,V-Egg-ie Good Pocket Sandwich,,1,,15,0,60,The American Egg Board,An easy to make satisfying lunch.," In small bowl, stir together mayonnaise, yogurt and garlic powder until well blended.  Stir in remaining ingredients except spinach and bread until well combined.  Cover and chill to blend flavors.  To serve, line each pita half with spinach leaves and fill with egg salad. "
671,Spring Butterflies,,8,,20,20,0,The National Pasta Association," A fresh and lively side dish or a main course if served with whole grain bread, bean salad and fruit for dessert. "," Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm, 8 to 10 minutes.  

In a large frying pan, melt butter over medium heat.  Add onion and cook 3 to 4 minutes, or until softened.  Stir in asparagus, carrots, and thyme.  Cook, stirring, 1 minute.  Add stock, increase heat to medium-high, and cook until vegetables are crisp tender and stock is reduced to 1-1/4 cups, about 3 minutes.  Stir in peas and basil and heat through.  Season with salt and pepper.  

Drain pasta and pour into a warmed large bowl.  Pour primavera sauce on top and toss together.  Pass a bowl of Parmesan cheese on the side.


Note:  1 teaspoon dried basil may be substituted for fresh basil and 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme may be substituted for fresh thyme. "
673," Middle Eastern ""Sweet Spice"" Brown Rice with Olives ",,4,,0,900,2100,The California Olive Industry,A great spicy side dish for poultry or on its own.," Cut olives in wedges.  Combine rice, onion, salt and hot water in microwave-safe 3- or 4-quart baking dish.  Cover and microwave at high power for 20 minutes or until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender.  Add all remaining ingredients except for nuts.  Cover and microwave at high power for 15 minutes longer or until hot and cooked.  Mix in nuts.  Serve with poultry. "
674,Star-Studded Tomatoes,,8,,40,10,0,The National Pasta Association,A colorful side dish or the main course for a light lunch.," Prepare pasta according to package directions.  Slice tops off tomatoes, use fingers to scoop out seeds and discard.  Using a knife, carefully separate inside pulp of tomatoes from outside shell, coarsely chop pulp and place in a colander to drain excess liquid.  Invert shells on a jelly-roll pan lined with paper towels and refrigerate.  In a medium-sized mixing bowl, mix all remaining ingredients through bell pepper.  Mix in drained tomatoes and pasta.  Just before serving time, fill tomatoes with pasta mixture and top with mozzarella cheese.  For an elegant touch, drain whole pimento and, using a small knife or aspic cutter, cut out star shapes.  Place on top of tomato.

Note:  1 teaspoon, finely crushed, dried basil may be substituted for fresh basil. "
675,Cheery Cherry Pasta Salad,,8,5 cups,10,10,120,The Cherry Marketing Institute,Perfect for a potluck or family get-together.," Cook rotini twists according to package directions.  Drain and rinse in cold water; drain well.  In a large mixing bowl, combine cooked rotini, cherries, cucumber, carrot and onion; mix well.  In a small bowl, combine salad dressing.  lemon juice, dill and black pepper.  Pour dressing over pasta mixture, tossing to coat.  Cover and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours, or overnight. "
676,Double Corn Brunch Bake,,6,,10,40,0,The Egg Nutrition Center,An easy to make side dish or baked brunch dish.," In medium saucepan over medium heat, cook onion in oil, stirring occasionally, until tender, 4 to 5 minutes.  

Meanwhile, drain corn reserving liquid.  Add water to liquid to make 1 cup.  Add liquid mixture and cornmeal to onions.  Cook and stir until mixture boils.  Remove from heat.  Thoroughly blend in milk, eggs, and corn.  In small bowl, stir together flour, baking powder and salt.  Stir into cornmeal mixture.  Pour into greased 9 x 9 x 2-inch baking pan.  Bake in preheated 350 F.  oven until knife inserted near center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes.  Top with salsa to taste.  To serve, cut into squares. "
677,Slenderized Vichyssoise,,6,,10,30,120,The Potato Board," A creamy, very lowfat version of this classic cold potato soup. "," In tightly-covered, large kettle or Dutch oven, cook potatoes, onions, bouillon cubes and pepper in 2 cups water for 30 minutes or until potatoes are tender.

Puree potatoes and liquid in electric blender, or press through food mill or sieve until smooth.  Stir in milk.  

Chill.  Serve topped with chives. "
678,Peach Spinach Salad,,6,,20,0,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A salad that is as nice to look at as it is to eat.," Combine spinach, cucumber, peaches, plums and onion in large bowl or on 6 individual salad plates.  Serve with Yogurt Dressing (see below).
              
YOGURT DRESSING:  Combine 1 cup plain low fat yogurt with 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water and 1/4 teaspoon dill weed until smooth.  Makes about 1 cup. "
679,Gruyere Sauced Potatoes,,4,,15,22,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Wash potatoes thoroughly (halving any large potatoes).  In a 2 quart microwavable dish, add the water, onions and potatoes.  Cover and cook on HIGH POWER until potatoes are tender (14-18 minutes).  Stop to stir mixture halfway through.  Drain and add to serving dish.  Pour sauce over potatoes and gently toss.  Garnish with a pinch or two of parsley flakes.
Cheese Sauce:  Combine flour, garlic powder and pepper in small glass bowl.  Stir in milk and broth.  Cook (uncovered) on high till mixture is thickened (2-1/2 to 3-1/2 minutes) stirring every 30 seconds.  Mix. "
754,-Apricots-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve raw, whole, halved or peeled.  To peel easily, dip in boiling water, than plunge in cold water. "
781,-Tangerines-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Good for eating-out-of-hand, or cutting and adding to fruit salads and desserts. "
803,-Canned French Green Beans-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
805,-Canned Beets-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
806,-Canned Yams-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
807,-Canned Asparagus-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
808,-Canned Lima Beans-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
680,Spaghetti with Eggplant Sauce,,6,,15,35,0,Minnesota Department of Agriculture,," In a large saucepan, heat olive oil over medium heat.  Add onion and garlic; cook until onion is soft.  Stir in bell pepper, eggplant, tomatoes, wine, basil, and oregano.  Season with salt and pepper, if desired.  Reduce heat, cover and simmer 30 minutes.  Serve sauce over noodles.

Note:  If fresh oregano is unavailable, use 1 teaspoon dry.  If fresh basil is unavailable, use 1 teaspoon dry. "
681,Bean Burritos,,6,,15,10,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Mash drained beans.  Saute chopped tomato, green pepper, onion, chilies, garlic and salt in oil until thoroughly heated.  Add mashed beans, cheese and hot pepper sauce to taste; mix well.  Wrap tortillas in foil and heat at 350 degrees F.  for 10 minutes.  (Or, loosely wrap in plastic wrap or waxed paper and microwave at full power 30 to 40 seconds.) Fill each tortilla with about 1/4 cup bean mixture and roll.  Serve with taco sauce.  Top each with sour cream and tomato wedge.  Serve warm. "
682,6 Bean Soup,,16,1 gallon,240,60,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," To soak beans:  For each pound of dry beans, any variety, add 10 cups hot water.  Up to 2 teaspoons of salt per pound of beans may be added to help the beans absorb water more evenly.  Heat to boiling, let boil 2 to 3 minutes.  Remove from heat, cover and set aside for at least one hour, but preferably four hours or more.  The longer soaking time is recommended to allow a greater amount of sugars to dissolve, thus helping the beans to be more easily digested.  Always discard the soak water.  To maintain color integrity, soak beans separately.
 
Drain beans.  Cook onion, celery, carrot, green pepper, parsley and garlic in butter until soft.  Combine cooked vegetables with soup mix, 2 quarts water, bay leaf, fines herbes and soaked beans.  Simmer, covered, about 1 hour to desired tenderness.  Add tomato.  Serve hot, sprinkled with cheese.

Note:  1 cup canned tomatoes may be used in place of the fresh tomatoes. "
683,California Brown Rice Salad,,6,1 quarts,135,40,60,The Canned Fruit Promotion Service,," Drain fruit cocktail, reserving 1/4 cup liquid; save remainder for other
uses.  Cook rice according to package directions; chill thoroughly.  Toss rice with fruit cocktail, tomato, celery and green onions.  Combine reserved fruit cocktail liquid with vinegar, oil, mustard, tarragon and garlic powder.  Stir into rice mixture; chill for flavors to blend. "
684,Keep 'em Low-Cal Topping,,4,,15,0,0,The Idaho Potato Commission," A zippy topping for those who like their spuds enhanced with saucy appeal, but don't want to splurge on calories.  Great flavor excitement for weight watchers! "," Place all ingredients, but potatoes, in container of electric blender.  Cover and process until smooth.  Spoon 2 Tablespoons topping over each potato. "
685,Tofu Baked Ziti,,6,,15,45,0,The American Cancer Society,," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Prepare sauce:  in medium-size saucepan over medium-high heat, cook onion and garlic in vegetable oil 2-3 minutes.  Add tomato sauces, 1 Tablespoon parsley and oregano.  Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover and simmer 15 minutes.  Meanwhile, cook ziti according to package directions, omitting salt.  While ziti is cooking, puree tofu with egg white in food processor or blender container.  Place in large bowl.  Add spinach, remaining tablespoon parsley, nutmeg and pepper.  Blend well.  Drain ziti and add to tofu mixture; blend well.  Place 1/4 sauce in bottom of 2-quart casserole.  Add 1/3 tofu-ziti mixture spreading with large spoon or spatula.  Continue making layers of sauce and tofu-ziti mixture, ending with sauce.  Top with grated cheese.  Cover and bake 30 minutes. "
686,Mexican Fiesta Quiche,,6,,20,40,5,The American Egg Board,," In medium bowl, beat together 1 of the eggs, the water and garlic powder.  Stir in cornmeal until mixture is crumbly.  To form crust, press cornmeal mixture onto bottom and up sides of lightly greased 8-x-8-x-2 inch baking dish.  Beat together remaining eggs and chili powder until well blended.  Stir in remaining ingredients except salsa until well combined.  Pour into prepared crust.  Bake in preheated 375 degrees F.  oven until puffed in center and knife inserted near center comes out clean, about 30 to 40 minutes.  Drizzle with salsa.  Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
 
MICROWAVE:  Cook on full power, rotating dish 1/2 turn once or twice, 5 minutes.  Continue cooking on 50% power, rotating dish 1/4 turn 2 to 3 times, until puffed in center and knife inserted near center comes out clean, about 8 to 12 minutes.  Let stand to complete cooking, about 10 minutes. "
687,Corn Chowder,,14,,20,45,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Boil potatoes until just tender in one quart of water with bay leaf.  Saute onions, peppers, celery and cumin in butter until onions are transparent.  Add sage, pepper and flour to the onion mixture with some of the potato water and stir to make a paste.  Add the potatoes and the rest of the potato water and heat.  Finally, add the milk and the corn.  Heat thoroughly and garnish with parsley. "
691,Red Beans and Rice,,6,,10,20,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Cook rice according to package directions until tender.  Add cooked beans (pink or red), onion, soy sauce and sherry; mix gently.  Simmer covered, 5 minutes or until all moisture is absorbed.  Sprinkle with sesame seeds.

Note:  A 16 ounce can of kidney beans or pink beans may be substituted for the cooked beans. "
692,Top Hat Pizza,,10,,20,12,0,The California Avocado Commission,," Place pizza crust on baking sheet, sprinkle with mozzarella cheese, red and green pepper, green chile, black olives and onion.  Bake in preheated oven at 375 F.  for 10 to 12 minutes until cheese is melted.  Meanwhile, prepare guacamole by combining avocado, lemon juice, garlic salt, seasoned salt red pepper sauce and crushed tortilla chips.  Arrange tomato slices on top of pizza.  Place generous mound of guacamole in center of each tomato slice.  Pass additional guacamole at serving time. "
693,Pistachio Pasta Salad Florentine,,4,8 cups,10,15,0,The California Pistachio Commission,," Thaw peas quickly by placing in a sieve and rinsing with hot water.  Drop pasta into boiling water; return to boil.  Cook 10 to 15 minutes or until tender.  Drain.  Toss pasta, spinach, tomatoes, peas, pistachios and dressing (see below) in large bowl.
               
Dressing:  Combine 2 Tablespoons honey, 2-1/2 Tablespoon dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 egg white, 1-1/2 teaspoons dried oregano (crumbled) and 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder.
 
Notes:  Suggested pasta:  penne, mostaccioli, rigatoni. "
729,-Cooked Cabbage-,,4,,10,20,0,,," Wash and cut cabbage into thin wedges.  Cover with water in saucepan and cook, covered, over low heat for 10 to 20 minutes, depending on the tenderness desired.  Drain and serve warm.

Instead of boiling cabbage may be steamed. "
748,-Iceberg Lettuce-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Core and wash lettuce, drain.  Cut into wedges, top with your favorite dressing and serve. "
760,-Raspberries-,,4,,5,0,0,,,Rinse before serving.  Serve plain or with cream or milk and sugar.
778,-Plums-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Good for eating-out-of-hand, cutting in fruit salads, poaching and desserts. "
694,Snappy Bean Dip,,12,1,15,0,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,," Place cooked, drained beans and remaining ingredients except 1 tablespoon of the green onions in blender container.  Blend until smooth.  Or, mash beans to puree and mix with remaining ingredients.  Place in small bowl and garnish with 1 Tablespoon chopped green onion.  Serve as a dip with crisp raw vegetables or chips.

Note:  A 16 ounce can of pink beans may be substituted for the cooked "
695,Artichoke and Mushroom Phyllo Pockets,,8,,15,30,0,The American Cancer Society,," Blanch beans and artichoke bottoms.  Pan saute artichoke until golden brown.  Add beans, tomatoes, and mushrooms.  Cook slowly over low heat for ten minutes.  Season with basil, freshly cracked pepper, and a little salt.  Spread on sheet pan to cool.  

Brush each phyllo square with a little canola oil, except top sheet.  Place an even amount of the vegetable mix on top of a square and fold into a pocket-like turnover.  Place on a sheet pan and bake in 375 degrees F.  oven until golden brown.  Serve with tomatillo sauce.

Note:  Cut each phyllo sheet into 4 equal squares, use 4 squares per pocket. "
696,Crunchy Wild Rice Pilaf,,8,,15,30,0,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," Prepare rice mix according to package directions, except use apple juice or cider in place of 1 1/3 cups water, and add a cup of water to equal 1/3 cups liquid.  Add 1 tablespoon butter to the water before cooking rice.  Saute mushrooms, onions and celery in 1 tablespoon butter, until crisp tender.  About 5 minutes before rice is done, add water chestnuts, sauteed vegetables and parsley; stir with fork.  Cover and continue cooking until rice is tender. "
697,Three-Peas-in-a-Pasta,,6,,15,20,0,The National Pasta Association,This rich and creamy cheese sauce fits your healthy eating plan.," Prepare pasta according to package directions, drain.  Meanwhile, in a 2-quart saucepan, heat olive or vegetable oil over medium heat.  Saute garlic and snow peas 2 minutes.  Remove with slotted spoon.  Add green peas to skillet.  Lower heat, cover and simmer 3 minutes.  Reserve 1 cup peas; add remainder to blender.  Add broth, herbs, pepper, salt, milk and feta to blender.  Blend until smooth.  Return sauce to pan with remaining peas, sauteed snow peas, garlic and chick peas.  Heat through over low heat, stirring.  Transfer pasta to large bowl.  Toss with sauce.  If pasta appears too dry, add more warm broth or milk.  Serve immediately with additional feta cheese, if desired.

Note:  1 teaspoon dried basil may be substituted for fresh basil. "
698,Hazelnut Stuffed French Bread,,20,2 loaves,155,30,0,Hazelnut Marketing Board,A delicious crunchy bread with an unexpected filling.  It turns even the simplest meal into something special.," For the filling, thoroughly mix together all ingredients from garlic through Swiss cheese and set aside.

For the bread:  Dissolve yeast in warm water.  Add bread flour, salt and butter, blend until well-mixed.  Knead until dough is elastic and smooth - about 10 minutes.  Place in greased bowl, cover and let rise until double - about 1 hour.  Divide dough into 2 pieces and roll into oblong pieces 15-x-12 inches.  Spread each piece with 1/2 of filling.  Roll up, sealing as you roll.  Place seam-side down on greased baking sheets that have been dusted with cornmeal.  Let rise until double - about 1 hour.  Make 3 or 4 diagonal cuts on each loaf.  Bake in preheated 450 degree F.  oven for 25 minutes.  Remove.  Combine egg white and water, mix.  Brush egg and water mix on top of bread, bake 5 minutes more.  For best results, keep oven very hot and place a pan with 1-inch of water on bottom rack.  This helps create the classic crunchy crust of good French bread. "
699,Stuffed Baked Potato,,4,,15,60,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,,Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.  Wash and dry potatoes.  Prick skins with a fork.  Bake potatoes until tender--50 to 60 minutes.  (Potatoes may be baked in a microwave oven.  Use directions that came with your oven).  Beat cottage cheese until smooth.  Slice tops off potatoes; scoop out insides of potatoes and add to cottage cheese.  Add milk and seasonings; beat until well blended.  Put stuffing back into potato and eat.
700,Springtime Pasta,,4,,15,22,0,The National Pasta Association,," In a large nonstick skillet, melt margarine.  Add broccoli and leeks (or use the white part from 4 scallions) and saute for 2 minutes, over medium-high heat, stirring constantly.  Add water, cover and cook over medium heat for approximately 5 minutes, until broccoli is cooked, but still firm and bright green.  Uncover, add mushrooms and snow peas, salad herbs, salt and pepper.  Cook uncovered for approximately 5 additional minutes, stirring occasionally, until snow peas and mushrooms are cooked but still hold their shape.  

In the meantime, prepare pasta according to package directions.  Place in a large bowl.  Immediately add vegetable mixture, asparagus and liquid, and toss to mix.  Top with Parmesan cheese, if desired.  Garnish with tomato slices. "
701,Tortellini and Artichokes in Garlic Cream Sauce,,6,,10,12,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement," Fresh fruit, your microwave and the deli turns out a great pasta entree in minutes. "," Garlic Cream Sauce:  In 4-cup microwave-safe measure, microwave margarine or butter on HIGH 45 seconds or until melted.  Blend in flour.  Slowly whisk in milk.  Add garlic powder.  Microwave on HIGH 3 to 4 minutes or until thickened stirring every minute.
                  
Salad:  in microwave-safe casserole, place tortellini salad.  Cover with plastic wrap, venting one corner.  Microwave on HIGH 4 to 5 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes, until heated through.  Add nectarines and microwave on HIGH 2 minutes longer or until heated through.  Stir in Garlic Cream Sauce.  Garnish with Parmesan cheese and parsley; if desired.  

Note:  To save time use prepared deli Alfredo sauce in place of the Garlic Cream Sauce and omit the Parmesan cheese. "
702,Fresh Tomato and Red Pepper Sauce,,4,4 cups,10,20,0,The Florida Tomato Committee," This versatile sauce is high in Vitamins A and C.  It tastes delicious, too. "," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  (2 pounds tomatoes equals 5 large fresh tomatoes.) Core and chop tomatoes (makes about 6-1/2 cups); set aside.  In a large skillet heat oil until hot.  Add red peppers, onion and garlic; cook and stir occasionally until softened, about 5 minutes.  Stir in salt, oregano, sugar, black pepper and reserved tomatoes; simmer, covered, until tomatoes are softened about 7 minutes.  Increase heat; boil, uncovered, until sauce is thickened about 5 minutes.  Stir in parsley.  Serve over hot cooked spaghetti. "
703,Lentil and Rice Salad,,4,,15,0,0,USA Rice Council,A salad that provides complete protein and tastes good to boot.,Combine all ingredients except lettuce in medium bowl.  Serve on lettuce leaves.
709,Asparagus and Herb-Scrambled Egg,with Flour Tortillas,8,,10,5,0,The American Cancer Society,," In a mixing bowl, combine egg, egg whites, and milk.  Add cilantro and pepper.  In a saute pan, heat oil and add asparagus and egg mixture.  Stir continuously over medium heat until set.  Serve rolled in flour tortillas and top with picante sauce. "
731,-Cauliflower-,,4,,10,10,0,,," Wash and trim cauliflower, cutting in bite-size flowerets.  Boil in a covered saucepot for approximately 7-10 minutes.  Drain, season and serve warm.

Cauliflower may also be steamed until done to preserve more nutrition.

Note:  A lemon slice may be added to the cooking water to keep the cauliflower white. "
704,Hazelnut Medley,,4,,30,30,0,Hazelnut Marketing Board," A creamy, chunky combination of fruit, vegetables, rice and nuts that makes a great main dish. "," Pour hot water over raisins, soak 20 minutes.  Drain.  (Use reserved liquid in your favorite bread or stew recipe.) Prepare vegetables and apples as indicated.  Cover and microwave all vegetables in chicken broth on FULL POWER for 2 minutes or until crisp-tender.  Remove vegetables from broth and reserve.  Prepare roux.
Roux:  Mix flour and cayenne.  Rub butter into flour mixture until smooth.  Add 1/4 cup broth from vegetables and stir until blended.  Gradually add this to the rest of broth and stir until smooth.  Add parsley and microwave on FULL POWER 90 seconds, stirring every 30 seconds until thick.  Toss rice, vegetables, hazelnuts, apple chunks, raisins and thickened broth until well-mixed.  Salt to taste.  Heat through on FULL POWER for 60 seconds. "
705,Sheepherder's Hearty Soup,,6,,15,25,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board," Keep cooked or canned beans on hand to make this easy, tasty soup. "," Saute celery and onion in butter or margarine.  Blend in flour.  Add 1 cup water and milk.  Cook, stirring until thickened and smooth.  Add beans, corn (with its liquid), tomatoes and cheese.  Heat thoroughly, but do not boil.  Season to taste with salt, pepper and hot sauce.  Serve with wedges of sheepherder's or sour dough bread. "
706,Pasta Stuffed Tomatoes,,8,,20,10,0,The California Tomato Board,Great for a luncheon or easy side dish at dinner.," Cut slice from stem end of 8 tomatoes.  Scoop out centers with spoon; reserve.  Remove seeds and turn tomatoes cut side down on paper towel to drain.  Meanwhile, seed and chop remaining whole tomato and reserved centers.  Combine chopped tomato and next nine ingredients.  Stir in oil.  Fold in pasta and nuts.  Stuff tomatoes with pasta mixture.

Note:  1 teaspoon dried basil may be substituted for fresh basil. "
707,Oriental Stuffed Tomatoes,,4,,10,27,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,A rice-based stuffed tomato with an Oriental twist makes a great side dish.," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Cut off stem end of each tomato.  Scoop out and reserve pulp leaving 1/4 inch thick shells.  Dice pulp into 1/4 inch pieces (makes about 1-1/2 cups); set aside.  In small saucepan cook celery in 1/2 inch boiling water until tender, about 2 minutes.  Drain and set aside.  In a small bowl combine soy sauce, sherry, ginger and garlic powder.  Add rice, green onions or scallions and reserved diced tomatoes and celery.  Spoon into reserved tomato shells.  Place in a shallow baking pan containing 1/2 inch water.  Cover and bake until tomatoes are tender, 10 to 25 minutes. "
710,White Bean Pistachio Salad Vinaigrette,,4,2 cups,15,0,120,The California Pistachio Commission,Canned beans make this an easy and convenient dish to prepare.," Combine all ingredients except salad greens; toss well.  Cover and chill for 1 to 2 hours to allow flavors to blend.  Serve on beds of salad greens.

Note:  1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme may be substituted for fresh thyme. "
711,Sicilian Deep Dish Pizza,,6,,30,35,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Core tomatoes; cut in 1/2 inch thick slices; set aside.  Grease a 15-x-10-x-1 inch jelly roll pan; set aside.  In a medium bowl combine buttermilk baking mix with water until smooth; form into a ball.  On a board sprinkled with additional baking mix knead dough until smooth, about 20 times.  Evenly pat dough over bottom and sides of prepared pan; scatter bread crumbs evenly over dough.  Sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella, oregano, black pepper, garlic powder, sweet green pepper and salami.  Arrange reserved tomato slices on top; sprinkle with remaining 1 cup mozzarella; cover tightly with foil.  Bake until dough is fully baked about 25 minutes; uncover.  Bake until cheese melts and tomato slices are tender, 5 to 10 minutes longer.

Note:  3 tomatoes equals 1 1/2 pounds. "
712,New Zealand Brown Rice Salad,,6,,150,20,120,The New Zealand Fruit Company," A colorful, tasty combination with a unique blend of tastes. "," Cook rice in water according to package directions.  Drain and cool.  Peel kiwifruit and cut into 1/4 inch thick slices.  Cut slices in half to form half circles.  Core and dice apple into 1/2 inch cubes.  Toss together rice, kiwifruit, apple, celery, red pepper strips, walnuts, green onions and parsley in salad bowl.  Mix together vinegar and oil; drizzle over salad.  Toss to mix well.  Cover and refrigerate 1-2 hours, to allow flavors to blend, before serving.  

Note:  The kiwifruit skin is completely edible.  For added fiber and texture simply wash and trim ends from kiwifruit.  Rub lightly to dry before cutting. "
713,Pizza in a Tomato Shell,,4,,20,15,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,The taste of pizza stuffed into a tomato.," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Cut a thin slice from stem end of each tomato.  Scoop out pulp from tomatoes leaving 1/4-inch thick shells; coarsely chop 1/2 cup pulp.  Place tomato shells in a greased baking pan.  In a small bowl combine chopped tomato, cheese, 2 tablespoons of the bread crumbs, basil, salt, oregano and black pepper.  Spoon into tomato shells.  Combine oil and remaining 1 tablespoon bread crumbs.  Sprinkle on top of each tomato.  Bake, uncovered, until cheese melts, about 15 minutes. "
714,-Sauteed Mushrooms-,,4,,15,3,0,,," Wipe mushrooms clean.  Trim stems to 1/2 inch of cap if they are small and tender, otherwise trim the stem completely off and save for another use.  
Saute in low-fat margarine, olive oil or butter rapidly over medium-high heat for about 3 minutes, season and serve.

Sliced mushrooms:  prepare the same way, but cut cooking time down to about 2 minutes. "
715,-Steamed Broccoli-,,4,,15,5,0,,," To prepare broccoli for cooking, trim the coarse stem ends and leaves.  Wash in cold water and separate into stalks of equal size.

To steam:  Fill pan with water level right below the bottom of the steamer basket.  After water has reached rapid boil, begin timing broccoli for 5-10 minutes, depending on how big the broccoli pieces are.

To microwave:  Place broccoli stems and flowerets in a microwave covered dish.  Cook on high for 8-13 minutes, depending on tenderness desired.  Let stand for 3-5 minutes before serving. "
743,-Spinach-,,4,,15,5,0,,," Trim off roots, coarse stems and remove blemished leaves.  Wash leaves several times in a sink of cool water, lifting out to remove grit.
Place in a large pot of boiling water and cook for 3 to 5 minutes.  Drain and serve.

To steam:  Place in steamer over boiling water and steam for 5 to 6 minutes. "
783,-Raisins-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Serve in salads, as a garnish, in East Indian curry dishes or with nuts as a snack. "
785,-Mangoes-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Cut in half lengthwise and pry out the seeds.  Remove peel as thinly as possible.
Use raw in fruit salads and desserts; and in pickles and chutney. "
786,-Asian Pears-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Good for eating-out-of-hand, or cut up raw in fruit salads and desserts. "
788,-Steamed Bok Choy-,,4,,15,9,0,,," To prepare:  Trim off root end; separate stalks, cutting leaves and slicing stalks diagonally.

Steam slowly in a large covered saucepan for 7-9 minutes, or until crisp-tender.  Drain, season and serve. "
717,-Steamed or Sauteed Zucchini-,,4,,10,5,0,,," Wash and slice zucchini.  Place in steamer basket over water to a level right below the bottom of the basket.  When water comes to a rapid boil, time squash for 5 minutes or until tender.  Season and serve.

To Saute:  Place in frying pan with a little butter, lowfat margarine or olive oil, saute over medium-high heat for about 5 minutes.  Sliced mushrooms can be added also. "
718,-Corn on the Cob-,,4,,10,8,0,,," Just before cooking, peel away the husks, and remove tassels and silk from corn.  Place water in a large kettle over high heat and when it comes to a rapid boil, drop in corn.  Cover and boil for 6-8 minutes.  Lift ears from the water and serve hot.

Corn may be steamed instead of boiling.

If fresh corn is unavailable use frozen corn on the cob. "
722,-Boiled or Mashed Sweet Potato-,,4,,10,35,0,,," Scrub sweet potatoes, trim root end, and cut off any bruised spots.  Place in a large saucepan with water, cover and bring to a boil.  Cook for about 35 minutes, until just tender, but not mushy.  Drain and serve hot with seasonings of your choice.

Mashed sweet potatoes:  Cook and drain as directed above.  Beat with a potato masher or electric mixer, adding butter or margarine and salt and pepper to taste.  3 tablespoons honey can also be added with a pinch of mace. "
726,-Asparagus Spears-,,4,,15,8,0,,," Wash and trim asparagus, cutting off tough stem ends and scales.  Lay stalks flat in large fry pan and add enough water to cover.  Simmer, covered, for about 8 minutes, or until crisp-tender.  Drain well, season and serve hot.

To steam:  Tie stalks loosely in serving-size bunches.  Place stem end down in a deep saucepan, add water and simmer, covered for about 12 minutes.  Drain, remove strings and season as desired, or top with Hollandaise or your favorite sauce. "
730,-Cooked Carrots-,,4,,10,10,0,,," Prepare carrots by scrubbing, trimming ends and peeling if needed.  Cut in thick slices and boil, covered for 10 minutes or until tender.  Drain, season and serve.

Carrots may also be steamed instead of boiled.

To microwave:  Prepare carrots as directed above.  Place in microwave-safe covered dish with 1 tablespoon water.  Cook on high for 5 minutes or until tender.  Let stand for about 3 minutes.  Serve.

Note:  If cooking carrots whole, boil about 20 minutes and microwave for about 10 minutes. "
732,-Swiss Chard-,,4,,15,10,0,,," Prepare chard by separating stems from leaves.  Wash leaves several times in a basin of cool water lifting out of the water to remove grit.  Trim stalks and coarsely chop.  

To boil stems and leaves together, place stalks in a pan of water, bring to a boil and cook covered for 5 minutes.  Add leaves and cook 5 to 10 minutes more.  Drain, season and serve.  To boil stems alone, cook for 10 to 15 minutes, to boil leaves alone, cook for 5-10 minutes. "
733,-Broiled Eggplant-,,4,,10,10,0,,," To prepare eggplant, wash in tepid water.

Preheat broiler.  Slice eggplant in 1/2 inch slices.  Brush with olive or other vegetable oil and broil 4-5-inches from heat for about 5 minutes, until brown speckled.  Turn, brush again with oil and broil 5 minutes longer.  Season or top as desired and serve.  Some suggested toppings are chopped parsley and/or basil, grated Parmesan cheese, minced garlic or tomato sauce. "
734,-Jicama-,,4,,10,0,0,,," To prepare jicama:  Trim off root and stem ends, wash and peel.  Cut in slices, cubes or strips.  Serve in strips to be dipped, as an addition to salads, or grate and sprinkle over Oriental dishes as a topping.

To saute or stir fry:  Brown in 2-3 tablespoons oil for about 5 minutes.  For sauteing use moderate heat and for stir frying use higher heat and stir constantly.  Season as desired and serve.

To simmer:  Simmer slices or cubes in lightly salted boiling water, covered, for about 4 minutes.  Drain, season and serve.  
A suggested serving idea is:  butter or lowfat margarine or cream, salt and pepper. "
735,-Kale-,,4,,15,10,0,,," To prepare kale, discard woody stems and wash leaves thoroughly in cool water.  

Coarsely chop and place in a large saucepan with water.  Boil slowly, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes until tender.  To keep kale green, lift lid several times during cooking to allow steam to escape.  Drain well, season as desired and serve.

Kale may also be steamed. "
739,-Boiled Onions-,,4,,10,20,0,,," Peel onions.  If using small white onions, let stand 1 minute in boiling water until skins begin to shrivel, then drain and plunge in ice water.  The skins will slip off neatly.  If using large onions, cut into pieces after peeling.  

Place in saucepan, cover with water or broth and boil, covered for 20 minutes or until tender.  

Drain, season as desired or put in a white sauce or your favorite sauce and serve. "
740,-Boiled Parsnips-,,4,,10,20,0,,," To prepare parsnips:  Remove root ends and tops; scrub well in cool water, peel.

Boil in a covered saucepan for 20 minutes or until tender.  Drain and serve.

To mash:  Quarter and core parsnips, cook as directed above, reducing cooking time to 15 minutes.  Drain and mash with a potato masher, adding in butter, salt, pepper and a little cream or milk. "
741,-Sauteed Green Peppers-,,4,,10,10,0,,," Wash green pepper, seed, core and slice in long thin strips.  
Saute in 2 tablespoons olive or other vegetable oil over moderate heat 4-6 minutes, or until lightly browned.  Lower heat, cover and simmer 2-3 minutes longer until crisp-tender.
Drain with a slotted spoon, season with salt and pepper and serve.
Note:  Red peppers can be substituted for the green, or use a mixture of both.  Serve as a vegetable or use to garnish meat, chicken or egg dishes.  They are also good mixed in with other sauteed vegetables, such as mushrooms, jicama or hash brown potatoes. "
742,-Boiled Rutabaga-,,4,,10,25,0,,," Peel rutabaga and cut in cubes or strips.  Rutabagas are often very hard, so use a sharp knife and cut carefully.  
Boil in a covered saucepan for 20 to 30 minutes, or until tender.  Drain well, season and serve.

To mash:  Prepare as directed above.  After draining and seasoning, mash with a potato masher.  Heat for an extra 2 to 3 minutes, stirring to eliminate excess moisture. "
753,-Apples-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Brush with lemon juice to prevent browning when cut.
757,-Blueberries-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Wash just before serving.  

Serve plain or with cream or milk and sugar.  Or use as a topping for cereal, yogurt or frozen desserts. "
763,-Grapefruit-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Serve raw in halves, or peel, section and add to salads or fruit desserts. "
771,-Nectarines-,,4,,5,0,0,,,Serve plain or peel and slice or cube.  Good in fruit desserts or salads.  Dip in citrus juice after cutting to prevent browning.
779,-Pomegranates-,,4,,15,0,0,,," To serve:  Halve lengthwise and remove the rind and membrane.  Eat the kernels, discarding seeds.  (Much like grapes are eaten.) "
782,-Dates-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve whole, as a garnish or stuffed with cream cheese as an appetizer. "
794,-Canned Apricots-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
745,-Turnips-,,4,,10,15,0,,," Trim and discard stems and root ends.  Peel and quarter or cube larger turnips; small, tender ones can be scrubbed and cooked in their skins.

Place in saucepan and cover with water or broth; boil 10 to 15 minutes for cubes and 35 to 40 minutes for small, whole turnips.  Drain, season and serve.

To mash:  Cook and drain as directed above; mash with potato masher, or if stringy, press through a fine sieve. "
751,Applesauce,,4,,20,0,0," National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute "," When fresh apples are at their peak, prepare this easy dish. "," In medium saucepan, combine all ingredients except sugar.  Cover and simmer until apples are tender, adding water if needed.  Stir in sugar.  Press through coarse sieve or food mill.  Serve warm.

Note:  You may substitute 1/4 teaspoon anise seed for the cinnamon. "
784,-Stewed Prunes-,,4,,2,20,0,,," Place in a saucepan and add water just to cover.  Simmer, covered about 20 minutes, or until tender.  For extra flavor, simmer with lemon slices studded with cloves.

Optional method:  Cover prunes with boiling water and let stand overnight.

Can also be eaten raw. "
787,-Steamed Artichokes-,,4,,15,45,0,,," To prepare artichoke snap off stems, pulling any tough fibers from the bottom of artichoke.  Trim stem edges and remove any blemished outer petals.  Snip off prickly petal tips.  Wash under cool running water and rub the cut tips with lemon juice.
To remove the choke (the thistly pieces in the middle) spread the petals and reach down into the center, pulling out the thistly pieces.  With a spoon, scoop out any remaining prickly bits that remain.  This will speed the cooking time.

Place artichokes stem down in a deep enamel, stainless-steel anodized aluminum or Teflon-lined kettle.  (Use suggested pans to prevent darkening.) Pour in boiling water to a depth of 1-inch, add remaining ingredients, cover and steam 45 minutes over moderate heat, or until a leaf pulls out easily.  (If the choke has been removed, it will cook twice as fast.)

Lift artichokes from pan and drain upside down in a colander.  Serve with a dipping sauce, such as mayonnaise, butter or Hollandaise sauce. "
795,-Canned Sweet Cherries-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
796,-Canned Mandarin Oranges-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
798,-Canned Cranberry Sauce-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled with turkey or other poultry.
799,-Canned Blueberries-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Serve chilled as a dessert, snack side dish or topping. "
800,-Canned Blackberries-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Serve chilled as a dessert, side dish, snack or topping. "
801,-Canned Peas-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
802,-Canned Cut Green Beans-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
804,-Canned Corn-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
809,-Canned Spinach-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Heat and serve.
810,-Canned Carrots-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
811,-Canned Tomatoes-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Heat and serve.
812,-Brown Rice-,,4,,5,45,5,,," Combine water, rice and salt in a saucepan.  Bring to a boil, then simmer for 40 to 45 minutes.  Do not remove lid while rice cooks.  If desired, let stand, uncovered, for about 5 minutes to dry.  Fluff with a fork. "
813,-White Rice-,,4,,5,20,5,,," Combine rice, water and salt in a saucepan.   Bring to a boil, then simmer for 20 to 25 minutes.  If desired let stand, uncovered, for about 5 minutes to dry out.  Fluff with a fork. "
814,-Polenta-,,4,,5,5,60,,," Bring water to boil in a heavy saucepan.  Gradually add the cornmeal.  Whisk them together over medium-low heat until the polenta is smooth and thick, about 5 minutes.  Scrape polenta onto a hot buttered platter or loaf pan; let cool and slice or cut in squares.

You may also serve polenta soft straight from the pot.

To spice it up add herbs and/or grated cheese. "
815,-Steamed Barley-,,4,,5,50,0,,," Bring water to boil; add salt and barley.  Stir once or twice to prevent from sticking.  Return to boil, reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until barely tender, about 20 minutes.  Drain.  Place barley in a steaming basket over several inches of boiling water, not allowing the bottom of the basket to touch the water.  Lay a single later of paper towels on top of the barley and steam for at least 30 minutes. "
816,-Hominy Grits-,,4,,2,30,0,,,Simmer grits in salted water for 30 minutes.
818,-Whole Hominy-,,4,,720,180,0,,,Soak overnight.  Simmer for 2 1/2 to 3 hours.
819,-Millet-,,4,,5,20,10,,," Toast millet by placing in a large heavy skillet and stir over medium-high heat until the seeds turn golden, about 5 minutes.  (Do not add oil.) Combine the millet with water or stock in a medium-size saucepan and heat to boiling.  Reduce heat, cover and cook over medium-low heat until the millet is tender and all liquid has been absorbed, about 20 minutes.  Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes.  Fluff with a fork, season and serve. "
820,-Rolled Oats-,,4,,2,5,3,,," Combine oats and water in saucepan.  Cook over moderate heat for about 5 minutes, until mixture begins to thicken and boil.  Remove from heat and let stand, covered for 2 to 3 minutes.  Serve warm. "
821,-Pasta-,,4,,2,12,0,,," Cook in boiling, salted water for following times:

Spaghetti   10 - 12 minutes
Fettuccine   6 - 8 minutes
Linguine     6 - 8 minutes

Drain and serve. "
822,-Noodles-,,4,,2,12,0,,," Cook noodles in boiling, salted water for 10 to 12 minutes.  Drain and serve. "
823,-Macaroni-,,4,,2,10,0,,," Cook macaroni in boiling, salted water for 8 to 10 minutes.  Drain and serve. "
824,-Wild Rice-,,4,,5,35,5,,," Wash rice well in a strainer under cold water.  Combine with water and salt in a heavy saucepan; cover and bring to a boil over moderate heat.  Uncover and boil gently, undisturbed, about 35 minutes or until just tender.  Drain.  Set uncovered over lowest possible heat and dry for 5 minutes, shaking pan occasionally.  Fluff with a fork and serve.

Rice will lose crispness if left sitting to keep warm for more than 20 minutes. "
825,-Whole Wheat Bread-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Serve with butter, margarine or jam if desired; or toasted.
 "
826,-Enriched White Bread-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Serve with butter, margarine or jam; or toasted. "
827,-French Bread-,,4,,2,0,0,,," Serve with soup, as a side at dinner or as a snack. "
828,-Italian Bread-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve with butter or margarine.
829,-Rye Bread-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
830,-Soda Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
831,-Wheat Thins Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
832,-Ritz Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
833,-Butter Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
834,-Cheese Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
835,-Oyster Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
836,-Graham Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
837,-Animal Crackers-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
838,-Flour Tortillas-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve warm with butter or margarine.
839,-Corn Tortillas-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Serve warm with butter or margarine or fill with chicken, turkey or beans to make soft tacos. "
840,-Bagels-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Slice and eat as is or toast and spread with cream cheese, nonfat, light or regular. "
841,-Pumpernickel Bread-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
842,-Malt-O-Meal-,,4,,2,5,0,,,Follow package directions.
843,-Cream of Wheat-,,4,,3,5,0,,,Follow package directions.
844,-Hot Oat Bran Cereal-,,4,,3,10,0,,,Follow package directions.
845,-Black Beans-,,4,,240,90,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Drain soaking water.  Combine beans and fresh water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 1 1/2 hours, until tender.

Note:  If you do not want to cook beans or you don't have the time, substitute canned black beans. "
846,-Baby Lima Beans-,,4,,240,60,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Combine beans and water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 1 hour, until tender. "
847,-Great Northern Beans-,,4,,240,60,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Drain soaking water.  Combine beans and fresh water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 1 hour, until tender. "
848,-Black-Eyed Peas-,,4,,240,60,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Drain soaking water.  Combine beans and fresh water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 1 hour, until tender.

Note:   If you do not want to cook peas or you don't have the time you may substitute frozen or canned black-eyed peas. "
849,-Garbanzo Beans-,,4,,240,180,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Drain soaking water.  Combine beans and fresh water (add 1/2 teaspoon baking soda) in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 2 1/2 - 3 hours, until tender.

If you do not want to nor do not have the time you may use canned beans. "
850,-Kidney Beans-,,4,,240,60,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Drain soaking water.  Combine beans and fresh water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 3/4-1 hour, until tender. "
851,-Lentils-,,4,,5,35,0,,," Combine lentils and water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 25 to 35 minutes, until tender. "
852,-Pinto Beans-,,4,,240,90,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Drain soaking water.  Combine beans and fresh water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 1 1/2 hours, until tender. "
853,-Navy Beans-,,4,,240,60,0,,," Soak beans by bringing to a boil, then remove from heat and soak for 1 to 4 hours (best if left for at least 4 hours); or soak overnight.  Drain soaking water.  Combine beans and water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 1 hour, until tender. "
854,-Split Peas-,,4,2 cups,5,45,0,,," Combine split peas and water in a heavy kettle, bring to a boil; simmer for 30-35 minutes, until tender. "
856,-Tea-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Serve hot or chilled, over ice. "
857,-Coffee-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Brew coffee according to coffee maker directions.  Serve hot or chilled, over ice. "
858,-Cappuccino-,,4,,5,0,0,,,Prepare according to directions.
859,-Cafe Mocha-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Put 2 teaspoons powder in each cup; add boiling water.
860,-Herb Tea-,,4,,5,0,0,,,
861,-Orange Juice-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
862,-Apple Juice-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
863,-Grapefruit Juice-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
864,-Lemonade-,,4,,5,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
865,-Limeade-,,4,,5,0,0,,,Mix according to directions.  Serve chilled.
866,-Cranberry Juice Cocktail-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve chilled or warm.
867,-Grape Juice-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
868,-Red Wine-,,4,,2,0,0,,,For adults only.
869,-White Wine-,,4,,3,0,0,,,For adults only.
870,-Rose Wine-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
871,-Beer-,,4,,0,0,0,,,
872,-Light Beer-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
873,-Buttermilk-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
874,-Whole Milk-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
875,-2% Lowfat Milk-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
876,-1% Lowfat Milk-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
877,-Skim Milk-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve chilled.
879,-Chocolate Milk Shake-,,4,,5,0,0,,," Blend all together in blender until smooth, for 30 seconds to 1 minute.  Pour into tall glasses. "
880,-Vanilla Milk Shake-,,4,,10,0,0,,,Combine all ingredients in blender and blend for 30 seconds to 1 minute.  Pour into tall glasses.
881,-Hot Chocolate-,,4,,10,0,0,,," Combine the sweetened cocoa powder with warm or hot milk to desired degree of chocolate is achieved.

To lower the fat content you may use 1% fat or skim milk. "
882,-Chocolate Milk-,,4,,7,0,0,,,Mix syrup into milk and stir.  Serve chilled.
883,-Cola Drink-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve over ice.
884,-Diet Soda Drink-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve over ice.
885,-Club Soda-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve cold or over ice.
886,-Lemon-Lime Soda-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve over ice.
887,-Lowfat Fruit Yogurt-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
888,-Nonfat Yogurt with Fruit-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
889,-Catsup-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Use as a condiment with burgers, french fries or other foods. "
890,-Prepared Horseradish-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
891,-Prepared Mustard-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
892,-Dill Pickle-,,4,,2,0,0,,," Serve with sandwiches, for a snack or hors d'ouevre. "
893,-Sweet Pickle-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
894,-Barbecue Sauce-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Use for meat or poultry.
895,-Soy Sauce-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
896,-Teriyaki Sauce-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
897,-Honey-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Use as a sweetener in hot cereal or hot beverages.
898,-Jam-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
899,-Brown Sugar-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Use to top hot cereal or to add to beverages.
900,-White Granulated Sugar-,,4,,1,0,0,,,
901,-Maple Flavored Syrup-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
902,-Blackstrap Molasses-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Use to top hot cereal or stir into milk for an added nutrient boost.
903,-Peanut Butter-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
904,-Mayonnaise-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
905,-Low-Calorie Mayonnaise-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
906,-Blue Cheese Salad Dressing-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Use for topping salad or as a dip for vegetables.
907,-Low-Calorie Blue Cheese Salad Dressing-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
908,-French Salad Dressing-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
909,-Low-Calorie French Salad Dressing-,,4,,5,0,0,,,
910,-Italian Salad Dressing-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Use on salad or for a dip for vegetables.
911,-Low-Calorie Italian Salad Dressing-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
912,-Thousand Island Salad Dressing-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
913,-Low-Cal Thousand Island Salad Dressing-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
914,-Ranch Style Salad Dressing-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
915,-Low-Calorie Ranch Style Salad Dressing-,,4,,0,0,0,,,
916,-Steak Sauce-,,4,,0,0,0,,,
917,-Lowfat Cottage Cheese-,,4,,5,0,0,,,
918,-Dry Curd Cottage Cheese-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
919,-Whole Dry Roasted Almonds-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
920,-Whole Unsalted Cashew Nuts-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
921," -Dry Roasted, Salted Mixed Nuts- ",,4,,5,0,0,,,
922," -Roasted, Salted Peanuts- ",,4,,3,0,0,,,
923," -Dry Roasted, Unsalted Peanuts- ",,4,,2,0,0,,,
924," -Dried, Unsalted Pecan Halves- ",,4,,2,0,0,,,
925," -Dried, Unshelled Pistachio Nuts- ",,4,,2,0,0,,,
926,-Dry Roasted Sunflower Seeds-,,4,,0,0,0,,,
927,-Corn Chips-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Serve as a snack with sandwiches or soup, or as an appetizer. "
928,-Tortilla Chips-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
929,-Pretzel Twists-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
930,-Potato Chips-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
931,-All-Bran Cereal-,,4,,0,0,0,,,
932,-Cheerios Cereal-,,4,,3,0,0,,,Serve in a bowl with milk for breakfast or for an anytime snack for kids.
933,-Corn Flakes Cereal-,,4,,2,0,0,,,Serve in a bowl with milk for breakfast.
934,-Raisin Bran Cereal-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
935,-Grape Nuts Cereal-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
936,-Special K Cereal-,,4,,5,0,0,,,
937,-Shredded Wheat Cereal-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
938,-Wheaties Cereal-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
939,-Cheddar Cheese-,,4,,3,0,0,,," Eat as a snack or use as a topping for sandwiches, bread or crackers. "
940,-Swiss Cheese-,,4,,5,0,0,,,
941,-Mozzarella Cheese-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
942,-Monterey Jack Cheese-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
943,-American Processed Cheese-,,4,,0,0,0,,,Eat out of hand as a snack or use as a topping for sandwiches.
944,-Cream Cheese-,,4,ounce,2,0,0,,," Use to spread on bagels, bread or crackers. "
945,-Parmesan Cheese-,,4,,2,0,0,,,
946,-Turkey Bologna-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
947,-Sliced Beef Lunchmeat-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
948,-Sliced Ham-,,4,,3,0,0,,,
949,-Hamburger Patty-,,4,,5,10,0,,," Shape hamburger meat into 4 equal patties.  Pan fry, grill or broil until cooked to desired doneness. "
1020,Healthclub Chicken Salad,,6,,25,0,0,Canned Fruit Promotion Service,," Drain peaches, reserving liquid for other uses.  Chill peaches.  In blender container, combine cucumber, green onions, olive oil, yogurt, garlic, ginger and pepper.  Process until smooth.  Stir in dill weed.  Combine chicken, celery and roasted red peppers.  Place spinach on individual serving plates.  Top with alfalfa sprouts, peach halves and chicken mixture.  Serve with cucumber dressing. "
1021,Saffron Rice Salad,,4,,60,25,0,USA Rice Council,A colorful side dish salad.," Cook rice in chicken broth and 1/16 teaspoon saffron.  Cool to room temperature.  Combine vinegar, oil, pepper sauce, garlic and white pepper in large bowl.  Mix well.  Add remaining ingredients except lettuce.  Toss lightly.  Serve on lettuce leaves. "
1022,Turkey Pot Roast,,4,,20,75,0,The National Turkey Federation,," Use 1 to 2 pound turkey thighs.  Rinse turkey thighs and pat dry.  Place skin-side up in a non-stick Dutch oven.  Salt and pepper to taste.  Bake in a preheated 450 degree oven 25 minutes, until skin is crisp.  Drain and discard any fat.
 
Add onion, garlic, basil, thyme and broth.  (If broth is unavailable substitute water).  Cover and simmer over low heat (or bake at 375 degrees F.) until turkey is nearly tender, about one half hour.  Add potatoes and carrots.  Cover and cook until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.
 
Remove turkey and vegetables to a platter and keep warm.  Skim any fat from pan juices and discard.  Mix cornstarch and cold water and stir into simmering pan juices.  Cook, stirring until sauce is thickened.  Garnish with parsley.

Note:  Turkey thighs may be boned before cooking.
If turkey broth is unavailable substitute water. "
1023,Pop's Crusty Chicken,,6,,140,40,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement," A tasty version of fried chicken, that's grilled not fried. "," In small bowl, combine first 6 ingredients to make orange-ginger marinade.  Place chicken in zip-top plastic bag.  Pour marinade over chicken; close bag securely, turning to coat well.  Refrigerate 2 hours.
 
Remove chicken from marinade and roll in cornflakes.  Pat extra cornflakes on if necessary to make a solid coating.  Place chicken in lightly oiled disposable aluminum foil pan; cover loosely with foil.  Cook on covered grill over medium, direct heat 30 to 40 minutes or until cooked through.  Uncover last 10 minutes.
 
Tangy Peach Salsa:  Combine peaches, marmalade, green onions, vinegar and ginger root (last 5 ingredients) in medium bowl.  Refrigerate until ready to use.  Makes 2 1/2 cups.  

Serve chicken hot or cold with tangy peach salsa.

Note:  If fresh ginger is unavailable, use 1/4 teaspoon dried for the 1 teaspoon fresh.  

Chicken can be baked in a conventional oven.  Prepare as above and bake in 350 degree F.  oven 30 to 40 minutes.  Chicken can also be cooked in a microwave oven.  Prepare as above.  Cook in microwave-safe baking dish with thicker parts to outside edge of dish on HIGH 25 minutes or until cooked through.  Turn pieces after 7 minutes and rotate dish after 20 minutes. "
1425,-Triticale-,,6,2 3/4 cups,3,40,0,,," Bring 2 cups of liquid to a boil.  Add 1 cup triticale, stirring once.  Cover, reduce heat and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes. "
1024,Turkey with Orange,,4,,15,70,0,The National Turkey Federation,An easy way to boost the flavor but not the fat.," Rinse turkey parts and pat dry.  Skin turkey thighs.  Place under broiler to brown.  Remove to Dutch oven or roasting pan and sprinkle with paprika.  Arrange onion slices over turkey.  Combine juice concentrate, brown sugar parsley, soy sauce, ginger and water.  Pour over turkey and onions.
 
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Cover turkey and bake in oven approximately 60 minutes, basting once or twice, until turkey is tender.  Slice meat, coat with sauce and garnish with orange twists.

Note:  Thighs may be boned before cooking. "
1025,Tart and Tasty Stuffing,,8,,10,9,0,The Cherry Marketing Institute,The addition of cherries makes this stuffing just a little out of the ordinary.," In a 1 1/2-quart microwave-safe dish, microwave butter or margarine on HIGH (100% power) 1 minute, or until melted.  Add celery and onion to melted butter; mix well.  Microwave, covered, on HIGH 3 minutes (stirring once), or until vegetables are tender.  Add thyme, poultry seasoning, stuffing cubes and chicken broth; mix well.  Stir in cherries.  Microwave, covered, on HIGH 4 to 5 minutes (stirring once or twice), or until hot.

Note:  2 cups individually quick frozen tart cherries, partially thawed and drained, may be substituted for 1-16 ounce can tart cherries. "
1026,Turkey Citrus Salad,,4,0,30,0,0,The National Turkey Federation,," Arrange spinach leaves on four salad plates.  Arrange grapefruit and orange sections alternately in spoke-wheel fashion on spinach.  Place 1/2 cup turkey in center of each fruit wheel.
 
In a small bowl, measure 1/4 cup reserved orange juice (adding grapefruit juice to equal 1/4 cup).  Add remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly.  Use as dressing for salad. "
1027,Chicken-Pistachio Roll-Ups,,6,,35,29,180,The California Pistachio Commission,These colorful chicken rolls make great appetizers.," Heat oven to 375 degrees F.  Loosen the fillet piece from each half-breast of chicken; open like a book so breast lays flat.  Flatten each breast to 1/4 inch thickness.  Season with pepper.  Cover and cook 3 cups spinach until wilted (refrigerate remainder for garnish).  Drain.  Rinse under cold water; drain again.  Pat dry and flatten with paper towels.
 
Place chicken breasts skinned side down.  Cover each with an even layer of spinach.  Mix remaining ingredients and spread evenly over spinach to within 1/4-inch of edges.  Roll up jelly-roll style, starting from the shortest end.  Arrange in a lightly oiled baking dish, seam down.  Cover with foil.  Bake until chicken is opaque, about 18 to 24 minutes.  Refrigerate 3 hours.
 
To serve, cut each roll into 1/2-inch thick slices; arrange on reserved spinach leaves.  Garnish with cherry tomatoes. "
1028,Warm Chinese Chicken Salad,,4,,30,30,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," For marinade, in zip-top plastic bag, combine salad dressing, soy sauce and ginger.  Add chicken; close bag securely, turning to coat well.  Refrigerate 30 minutes.
 
For salad, arrange mixed greens on serving plates.  Sprinkle with cilantro.  Top with green onions.  Slice 3 peaches and arrange on lettuce.  Remove chicken from marinade reserving marinade.  Grill or broil chicken until browned and cooked through, basting occasionally with marinade.

Halve remaining 2 peaches; baste with marinade and grill about 5 minutes.  Slice chicken breasts and arrange chicken and grilled peaches on lettuce.  In small saucepan, bring remaining marinade to a boil (this can be done on the grill, if desired).  Add almonds and sesame seeds.  Pour over salads and serve immediately. "
1029,Chicken Lentil Salad,,4,,20,20,90,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Thoroughly rinse dry lentils in cold water, removing any damaged pieces and foreign material.  Drain.  Place lentils in a heavy saucepan, add water.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, covered, for about 20 minutes.  Do not overcook; lentils should be tender with skin intact.  Drain immediately and refrigerate until cool.  

In a small bowl, stir together mayonnaise, green onion and Tabasco sauce.  

In a medium bowl, toss lentils, chicken, celery, cucumber, green pepper and pimiento with dressing.  Cover and refrigerate for an hour or more to allow flavors to blend.

Just before serving arrange on crisp greens and garnish with parsley. "
1030,Tropical Stuffed Cornish Hens,,8,,15,90,0,USA Rice Council," Almost a complete meal, just add steamed broccoli or carrots to round out the menu. "," Remove giblet packet from hens; rinse hens with cool water.  Drain; set aside.  Drain pineapple well, reserving juice.  Place juice in small saucepan with jelly.  Heat over low heat until jelly melts, stirring occasionally.  Cook onions in butter in large skillet over medium-high heat until tender.  Add rice, reserved pineapple, currants, nuts, broth and ginger; heat thoroughly.  Spoon 2/3 cup rice mixture into cavity of each hen.  Use wooden toothpicks soaked in water, to enclose filling.  Place hens, breast side up in roasting pan on rack coated with non-stick vegetable spray.  Baste hens with jelly mixture.  Roast at 400 degrees F.  for 10 minutes.  Reduce temperature to 350 degrees F.  and continue roasting for 1 hour or until internal temperature reaches 180 to 185 degrees F.  Baste every 30 minutes with jelly mixture.  Cover remaining stuffing and bake during last 30 minutes of cooking time.  Cut hens in half and serve with remaining rice. "
1031,Chicken in Tomato Marsala Sauce,,2,,15,25,0,The National Broiler Council,Serve with linguine.  An easy anniversary dinner for two.," In small bowl, mix together oregano, garlic powder, onion powder and pepper; sprinkle generously over all sides of chicken using all of the mixture.  Heat nonstick frying pan over medium temperature about 1 minute; then spray with vegetable cooking spray.  Add chicken and cook about 5 minutes.  Turn chicken, add mushrooms and cook 5 minutes more.  Push chicken to side and add tomato sauce and wine, stirring with mushrooms to mix well.  Arrange chicken in sauce and simmer about 12 minutes or until fork can be inserted in chicken with ease. "
1032,Turkey Ring Meatloaf,,8,,15,45,0,The California Poultry Industry Federation,This dish has the texture and taste of a well-seasoned sausage.  Potatoes make an excellent accompaniment.  Any leftovers are excellent in sandwiches.,Combine all ingredients except turkey; mix well.  Add turkey and mix thoroughly.  Pack into an oiled 4 1/2-cup ring mold.  Invert onto shallow baking pan lined with foil and bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes.  Transfer to serving platter and remove mold.  There will be a couple of small spoonfuls of tasty brown glaze - drizzle this on top.
1047,Apple Pie Turkey Salad,,6,,25,0,0,The National Turkey Federation,," In a large bowl, combine turkey, celery, apples and raisins.  In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, yogurt, nutmeg and cinnamon; fold into turkey mixture.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Serve on crisp lettuce leaves. "
1062,Hawaiian Turkey Salad,,6,,20,0,0,USA Rice Council,Leftover turkey and brown rice combine to make a tasty salad that can be served for lunch or dinner.," Combine rice, turkey, pineapple, water chestnuts, apple, nuts and salt.  Toss lightly with yogurt and 1 tablespoon pineapple juice.  Serve on lettuce leaves and garnish with coconut. "
1033,Apple-Stuffed Turkey Tenderloins,,6,,20,40,0,The National Turkey Federation,," In small saucepan combine apple, orange juice, jellied cranberry sauce and marmalade.  Cook until apple is soft but holds its shape.  Rinse tenderloins and pat dry.  Slice them lengthwise, not all the way through, to form a pocket.  Spoon some of the apple mixture into the pocket.  Secure cut edges with toothpick or skewer pin.  Dip tenderloins in beaten egg, and dredge in crumbs.  Place them in a casserole dish so that they do not touch.  Bake 25 to 35 minutes at 350 degrees F.  Heat remaining fruit mixture and serve over tenderloins.

Note:  Use 3 turkey tenderloins of approximately the same size. "
1034,Chicken and Rice Casserole with Summer Vegetables,,6,,20,70,0,The National Cancer Institute," A colorful easy to make casserole that combines chicken, brown rice and vegetables in one dish. "," Coat the bottom of a large heavy pan with vegetable oil.  Add the onion, garlic, red pepper and zucchini to the pan.  Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are very soft, about 5 minutes.  Add the chicken and turn the heat up to medium-high.  Stir until the chicken is cooked lightly on all sides.  Add the tomatoes, chicken broth and salt.  Bring the broth to a boil and then adjust the heat to maintain a slow simmer.  Let the casserole simmer until the rice is tender, about 45 minutes.  Stir in the pepper and parsley and serve. "
1035,Turkey Spaghetti Pie,,4,,10,55,0,The National Turkey Federation,This dish uses pasta as the crust for a turkey and vegetable mixture.," Cook spaghetti according to package instructions.  Drain.  In medium-size bowl combine spaghetti, egg white, cheese and 1 tablespoon margarine.  In well greased 9-inch pie plate, press pasta mixture over bottom and up sides of plate.  Grease (10 X 12-inch) piece aluminum foil.  (Use margarine to grease pie plate and foil).  Press foil, greased-side down, next to pasta shell.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven 25 to 30 minutes or until pie shell is set and slightly browned on edges.  In medium-size saucepan, over medium-high heat, saute onion and garlic in remaining margarine, 2 to 3 minutes, or until onion is translucent.  Fold in vegetables and cook for 1 minute.  Sprinkle flour, poultry seasoning and pepper over mixture, stirring to combine.  Remove pan from heat.  Slowly pour milk over vegetable mixture, stirring constantly.  Return saucepan to medium heat; cook and stir until mixture is thickened.  Add turkey, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 5 minutes or until heated throughout.  Pour mixture into cooked pasta shell.  To serve, cut spaghetti pie into six wedges. "
1036,Smoked Chicken Pizza,,6,,15,20,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Frozen bread dough makes this pizza easy to prepare.," Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.  In 10-inch cast iron skillet, sprinkle 2 tablespoons cornmeal.  Stretch dough to fit bottom of skillet.  Sprinkle with oil.  Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon cornmeal.  Top with half the cheese, the fruit, chicken, chiles and cilantro.  Top with remaining cheese.  Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until cheese is melted. "
1037,Gourmet Chicken Bake,,6,,720,75,0,The National Broiler Council,When company's coming or family celebrates.," Mix together seasoned salt, curry powder, savory and pepper; sprinkle over chicken.  Place chicken in large bowl, pour buttermilk over chicken, cover and refrigerate overnight.  In large shallow baking pan, arrange chicken in single layer.  Pour buttermilk marinade over chicken and bake in 350 degrees F oven for 1 hour or until fork can be inserted in chicken with ease.  Substituting 5 cups chicken broth for the water called for, cook rice according to package instructions.  Cut asparagus 3 inches from tip and then cut remaining part in 1-inch pieces; place in small saucepan with remaining 1/2 cup chicken broth and cook over medium heat, covered, about 15 minutes.  Set aside and do not drain.  When chicken, rice and asparagus are tender, remove chicken from baking dish and mix together with pan juices, the rice, 1-inch pieces of asparagus and broth used in cooking asparagus.  Arrange chicken over rice and place asparagus tips around the chicken.  Sprinkle with toasted almonds and pimiento and return to 350 degrees F oven to heat through, about 15 minutes. "
1038,Chicken Chutney Salad,,4,,25,0,0,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,Use leftover chicken to make a great salad.," Combine chicken, cherries, onions, celery and nuts.  Toss lightly.  Mix mayonnaise, yogurt, chutney and ginger.  Blend.  Fold into chicken mixture.  Serve one quarter of mixture on one cup salad greens.

Note:  To decrease fat content of this recipe try using fat-free mayonnaise. "
1039,Brown Rice Waldorf Salad,,6,,20,25,0,USA Rice Council," A new twist on an old favorite, that now serves as a main course. "," Grill or broil chicken breast until cooked.  Set aside.  Blend yogurt, mayonnaise, salt and cinnamon in large bowl.  Add rice apples, celery, carrots, walnuts and raisins; mix well.  Serve with the grilled chicken breasts.  Garnish with fresh fruit. "
1040,Idaho Potato Supreme,,4,,20,12,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,A lowfat topped potato that almost makes a complete meal.," In a 1-quart microwave-safe casserole combine broccoli, mushrooms, green onion, red pepper and 2 tablespoons water.  Micro-cook, covered on 100% power (high) 3 to 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender.  Drain well.  Add turkey ham.  Cook, covered, on high 2 to 3 minutes or until heated through.  Stir together yogurt, milk, cornstarch, mustard and nutmeg.  Add to broccoli mixture.  Cook, covered, on high 2 to 4 minutes or until mixture is thickened, stirring every 30 seconds.  Spoon over hot baked potatoes.  Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. "
1041,Stir-Fry Turkey Italiano,,2,,10,10,0,The National Turkey Federation,," In a small bowl combine cornstarch, Italian seasoning, salt, pepper flakes, bouillon and wine; set aside.
 
In a medium-size non-stick skillet, over medium-high heat, stir-fry turkey onions and garlic in margarine 2 minutes or until meat is no longer pink.  Add bouillon mixture; cook and stir until sauce is thickened.  Serve over cooked spaghetti, if desired. "
1142,Orange-Currant Couscous,,4,,5,5,5,The Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute,," Bring chicken broth to a boil in a small saucepan.  Stir in couscous, currants and orange peel.  Remove from heat and cover.  Let sit 5 minutes.  Stir in orange and lemon juice and serve. "
1378,Dijon Vinaigrette,,12,3/4 cups,5,0,0,Beef Industry Council,,Combine all ingredients.  Whisk before serving.
1395,Raspberry Walnut Dressing,,4,,15,0,0,Sun-Diamond Growers of California,Delicious over tossed or arranged fruit salads.,Heat jam over low heat about 3 to 5 minutes or until thinned; blend in oil and vinegar.  Stir in walnuts.  Pour over fruit.
1429,-Mixed Green Salad-,,4,,0,0,0,,,
1042,Turkey Pockets Al Greco,,8,,15,10,0,The National Turkey Federation,," Spray medium-size skillet with nonstick cooking spray.  

Over medium-high heat, saute ground turkey, 1/2 cup onions and garlic until meat loses pink color, about 5 minutes.  Stir in parsley and oregano.  Cook 1 to 2 minutes.  

Trim about 1/2 inch off top of each pita.  Spoon meat mixture into each pita.  Top with remaining onions, tomato, cucumber and feta cheese. "
1043,Chicken Spiral Pasta Salad,Chicken Pasta Salad,6,,20,40,60,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," Using multicolored vegetable spirals makes a colorful salad.   
Mix the cracker meal with the pepper, parsley and thyme.  Dip chicken breasts in Butter Buds mixture, then dip into cracker crumb/seasoning mixture (in a separate bowl).  Place on a lightly greased or teflon baking sheet in a pre-heated 400 degree oven for about 25 minutes (turn chicken over after about 12 minutes).  While chicken is cooking, boil pasta, lightly steam vegetables and diced red pepper.

Mix the yogurt, Miracle Whip Lite, lowfat milk and Good Seasons salad dressing mix, or use your own seasoning, in the processor or blender.  When chicken breast is cooked, cut into thin slices or chunks and toss everything together in a large serving bowl.  Serve chilled. "
1044,Chicken Paprika,,2,,10,25,0,USA Rice Council,Serve over rice.," Combine vegetable juice, flour, paprika and salt in small bowl.  Set aside.  Heat oil in medium skillet over medium heat.  Add onions and garlic; cook 1 minute.  Add chicken strips and cook until chicken is lightly browned.  Add vegetable juice mixture.  Cook until mixture boils, stirring often.  Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer 15 minutes.  Remove from heat and stir in sour cream.  Sprinkle with parsley. "
1045,Chicken Nachos,,15,,10,6,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,," Arrange potato slices on a large microwave-safe platter; sprinkle with garlic powder.  Cover with plastic wrap.  Microwave at HIGH for 4 to 5 minutes or until potatoes are tender, rotating dish once.
 
Combine chicken, picante sauce, and onions in a medium bowl; stir well.  Spoon 1 teaspoon of mixture onto each potato round.  Sprinkle with cheese and top with an olive slice.  Cover and microwave at HIGH for 1 minute or until cheese is melted.  Serve immediately. "
1046,Chicken Zucchini Stew,,4,,20,30,0,The National Chicken Cooking Contest,," Break chicken into pieces.  Drain liquid from tomatoes and pour into large saucepan; chop tomatoes into quarters and reserve for later.  To liquid in saucepan, add chicken broth, green pepper and garlic.  Place over high heat and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to medium and cook 10 minutes.  Add reserved chopped tomatoes, zucchini, pepper, salt and basil; simmer until zucchini is tender, about 10 minutes.  Reduce heat to low, add chicken and cook 5 minutes more.  Serve in shallow bowls. "
1048,Ginger Chicken Stir-Fry,,6,,130,15,0,USA Rice Council,," You may choose any combination of frozen vegetables, but broccoli, carrot and cauliflower works well.  In shallow baking dish, combine teriyaki sauce and water; add chicken pieces, coating well.  Cover and refrigerate 2 hours.  Drain marinade from chicken pieces.  In large skillet or wok, heat oil; stir-fry chicken and onion until chicken is browned.  Stir in vegetables, ginger and wine (you may substitute chicken broth for wine).  Cover and simmer 4 to 5 minutes, or until vegetables are tender crisp.  In small bowl, combine cornstarch and water until smooth.  Gradually add to skillet, stirring constantly, until thickened.  Serve over hot rice. "
1049,Turkey Parmigiana,,4,,10,10,0,The National Turkey Federation,An quick and easy way to make everyday turkey special.," Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  In a shallow bowl, beat egg white with milk or water.  In another shallow bowl, combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese.  Dip cutlets in egg mixture, then into bread crumb mixture.  Arrange on greased 10 X 15 X 1-inch baking pan.  Bake 4 to 5 minutes.  Pour Italian sauce evenly over cutlets.  Top each with a slice of mozzarella cheese.  Bake 4 to 5 minutes to heat sauce and melt cheese. "
1050,Polynesian Pineapple Turkey,,6,,15,15,0,The California Poultry Industry Federation,Serve over hot rice.," Drain juice from pineapple.  Save.  Cut pineapple slices into wedges.  Dredge turkey meat in a mixture of cornstarch, salt, cold water and soy sauce.  Saute onions in 1 tablespoon oil; add celery and water chestnuts and cook 2 minutes.  Remove from pan.  Saute turkey in remaining 2 tablespoons oil until brown.  Add vegetables, pineapple and pineapple juice.  Simmer until thoroughly heated. "
1051,Tomato Cajun Chicken Salad,,6,,20,0,0,The California Tomato Board,," Combine lemon juice, garlic, thyme, salt, pepper and cayenne pepper.  Beat in mayonnaise.  Gently fold chicken, green onion, bell pepper and celery into dressing.  Chill.  Just before serving, fold in tomato.
 
Note:  To reduce the fat content of this recipe you may substitute fat-free mayonnaise in equal amounts. "
1052,Chicken Provencale,,4,,15,11,0,The Florida Tomato Committee," The orange peel, fennel and tomatoes give this dish an international flair.  Serve with cooked rice. "," Use fully ripe tomatoes.  Core and coarsely chop, making about 3 cups; set aside.  In a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat, add chicken and garlic and cook for 3 to 5 minutes until chicken is cooked.  Using a slotted spoon remove chicken to plate.  To skillet add reserved tomatoes, basil, orange peel, salt, fennel and black pepper.  Cook and stir until tomatoes are softened, 3 to 5 minutes.  Stir in scallions and chicken; cook only until hot, about 1 minute. "
1053,Chicken Parmiagiana Spud,,4,,10,93,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,This potato is a hearty entree.  Serve with a mixed green salad and fruit for dessert.," In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat; saute onion and garlic until onions are transparent.  Add tomatoes and puree, water, sugar and oregano; cook 20 minutes.  Add chicken, cook 5 minutes longer.  Spoon topping over each blossomed potato.  Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.  Place 1 slice mozzarella cheese over each potato.  Place under pre-heated broiler until cheese melts and browns slightly.  Serve immediately.
Cooking time includes the time it takes to bake the potatoes. "
1078,Chicken Tarragon,,4,,20,5,0,USA Rice Council,,Season chicken with salt and pepper.  Cook chicken and asparagus in olive oil in large skillet over medium-high heat 2 to 3 minutes.  Add white wine and tarragon; simmer one minute.  Add rice; heat thoroughly.
1213,Seafood Seasoning,,36,makes 3/4 cup,0,5,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture,This is an excellent seafood season-all.," Mix all ingredients well.  Store in sealed container for future use.  
Makes 36 1 teaspoon servings. "
1352,Mushroom-Orange Toss,,8,,10,0,0,Monterey Mushrooms,An unusual taste combination.," Toss torn lettuce, orange pieces, mushrooms and onion rings with dressing until well coated.  Serve on lettuce leaves. "
1054,Lemon Rice,,4,,10,15,0,USA Rice Council,Add flavor to plain rice without adding a lot of precious time.," Combine all ingredients except parsley in medium saucepan.  (If using brown rice, use 1 1/4 cups fat-free chicken broth).  Bring to a boil; stir once or twice.  Lower heat to simmer, cover with tight-fitting lid.  Cook 15 minutes (45 minutes for brown rice, 20 minutes for parboiled rice) or until liquid is absorbed.  Stir in parsley. "
1055,Southern Sweet Potato Chicken,,4,,10,60,0,The National Chicken Cooking Contest,," In large frypan, place oil and heat to medium temperature.  Add chicken and cook, turning, about 10 minutes or until lightly browned.  Drain chicken on paper towels and place in 13 X 9 X 2-inch baking dish.  In a small bowl, mix together evaporated milk, honey, salt, nutmeg and cloves.  Pour over chicken.  Bake in 350 degree F.  oven 10 minutes.  Remove from oven and arrange sweet potatoes and raisins around chicken.  Pour reserved 1/4 cup syrup over chicken.  Return to oven and bake about 40 minutes or until fork can be inserted in chicken with ease. "
1057,Jambalaya,,8,,20,48,0,USA Rice Council,A popular cajun dish that can be prepared in one pot.," Season chicken with salt and black pepper; brown in hot oil in large saucepan or Dutch oven over high heat.  Add sausage; cook 2 to 3 minutes.  Remove chicken and sausage from pan; set aside.  Cook onions, green pepper, celery, garlic in same saucepan over medium-high heat until tender crisp; stir in rice, cayenne pepper, broth and reserved chicken and sausage; bring to a boil.  Simmer, covered, 30 minutes.  Stir in green onions and tomato. "
1058,Poached Turkey Tenderloins with Tarragon Sauce,,4,,15,30,0,The National Turkey Federation,," Poach turkey according to poached turkey recipe.  Reserve poaching liquid.  In saucepan, over high heat, bring reserved poaching liquid to a boil.  Boil 5 to 10 minutes to reduce liquid.  Strain and measure 2 cups of the liquid back into saucepan.
 
Combine cornstarch and cold water.  Stir into hot poaching liquid.  Add tarragon.  Over low heat, cook sauce until thickened.  Stir in parsley, lemon juice and yogurt.
 
To serve, slice tenderloins into 1/2 inch medallions.  Arrange on a serving of spinach and pour sauce over top.  Garnish with strips of lemon.

Note:  If fresh tarragon is unavailable, use 1/2 teaspoon dried, crushed tarragon. "
1059,Chunky Chicken and Cucumber Salad,,4,,25,0,120,The National Broiler Council,," In medium bowl, mix cucumber and pepper; sprinkle with vinegar, salt and pepper.  Let sit about 5 minutes.  Stir in chicken, seasoned salt and yogurt, tossing gently.  Cover and refrigerate until completely chilled.  Serve on dark curly endive. "
1060,Breast of Chicken Italian,,1,,135,30,0,The American Cancer Society,A dish that looks as good as that served in a fine restaurant.  A tossed salad and simple dessert complete the menu.," Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Marinate chicken in Italian dressing for 2 hours in refrigerator.

Place chicken on baking pan and top with Italian dressing.  Cook approximately 10 minutes, then top with tomato slices, bread crumbs, basil and Parmesan cheese.  Continue to bake until bread crumbs are browned and chicken is done.

While chicken is baking, quickly saute angel hair pasta and green peas in olive oil over brisk heat.  Serve cooked chicken over pasta. "
1061,Poached Turkey Normandy,,4,,10,45,0,The National Turkey Federation,A great presentation for an easy lowfat dish.," Use tenderloins that are 1/2 pound each.  In a large skillet, place tenderloins, onion, celery, peppercorns and salt.  Pour in enough water to cover turkey.  Place lid on skillet.  Over low heat, poach tenderloins about 30 minutes or until done.  Remove tenderloins from liquid.  In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine apple pieces, orange juice cranberry sauce and orange marmalade.  Cook until sauce is hot and apples are tender but hold shape.  Cut tenderloins in half.  Spoon sauce over tenderloins. "
1063,Dad's Favorite Turkey Kebabs,,4,,135,28,0,The National Turkey Federation," A great summer dish, when corn is fresh and the grilling is easy. "," In self-closing plastic bag combine turkey and dressing.  Refrigerate 1 to 2 hours or overnight.  Preheat grill for direct-heat grilling.  In medium-size saucepan, over high heat, parboil corn about 5 to 8 minutes.  Remove corn from water and plunge into cold water.  Drain marinade from turkey and discard.  Alternately thread turkey cubes and vegetables on skewers, leaving 1/2 inch space between turkey and vegetables.  Grill kebabs 18 to 20 minutes, brushing with additional dressing.  Turn skewers after 10 minutes. "
1064,New England Turkey Chowder,,4,,15,30,0,The National Turkey Federation,A creamy lowfat turkey version of New England chowder.," In 5-quart saucepan, over medium-high heat, saute celery and onions in margarine 2 to 3 minutes, or until vegetables are tender-crisp.  Add broth or equal amount of low-sodium chicken bouillon, potatoes, salt, white pepper and cayenne pepper; bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to low.  Once mixture is at a simmer, cover and cook 8 to 10 minutes or until potatoes are tender.  Stir in turkey.
 
In medium bowl gradually add milk to cornstarch.  Stir mixture into soup.  Increase heat to medium.  Cook 6 to 8 minutes or until mixture thickens. "
1065,Red Square Pistachio Stir Fry,,4,6 cups,20,10,0,The California Pistachio Commission,A traditional Chinese stir fry turns Californian with the addition of pistachio nuts.," Cut chicken into narrow strips.  Stir fry over high heat in 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet or wok about 3 minutes until tender but not dry; remove from pan.  Return pan to heat.  When hot, add onion and stir-fry until tender, about 3 minutes.  Add bell peppers, cabbage and pistachios.  Stir-fry 2 minutes longer until tender-crisp.  Return chicken to pan.  Stir sherry, soy sauce, cornstarch, brown sugar, ginger and garlic together in small bowl.  Add sauce mixture to chicken in pan.  Cook; stirring until hot and sauce is glossy.  Sprinkle chives on top and serve with rice. "
1066,Savory Grilled Peaches,,4,,5,8,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Cook peaches on covered grill over medium, indirect heat 4 minutes.  Turn and cook an additional 4 minutes or until heated through.  For added flavor you may brush peaches during grilling with a marinade or sauce.

Note:  Fruit that is still quite firm can be used successfully in most baked or grilled recipes. "
1351,B.L.T. Salad,,6,,15,0,0,Monterey Mushrooms,A new twist to an old favorite.  Serve with crackers or melba toast.," Cut 18 center slices from tomatoes.  Lightly salt.  Arrange in 6 lettuce-lined salad bowls.
Coarsely chop tomato ends.  Toss with mushrooms, bacon, onion, oil vinegar, salt and pepper.  Spoon over tomato slices. "
1379,Fresh Citrus Dressing,,8,1/2 cup,5,0,0,Beef Industry Council,,Combine all ingredients.  Whisk before serving.
1397,Caesar Salad Dressing,,6,,5,0,0,Sun-Diamond Growers of California,,Combine all ingredients; blend well.
1398,Yogurt-Honey Dressing,,6,1 1/4 cups,5,0,0,Sun-Diamond Growers of California,Delicious over assorted fruits.," Combine all ingredients; whisk together to blend.  Stir before serving.

Note:  Diamond Walnut Oil with Garlic may be substituted for the Diamond Walnut Oil. "
1067,Scandinavian Chicken Soup,,6,1,15,100,45,The National Broiler Council,The light flavors of this soup come shining through.," Cook chicken until done.  Cool and chop into pieces.  Place chicken broth in large Dutch oven and bring to a boil over high heat.  Add potatoes, 1 cup onion and 1 teaspoon of the dill weed.  After soup returns to a boil, reduce temperature to medium-low and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 12 minutes.  Add chicken, salt and pepper; simmer about 5 minutes more until chicken is hot.  At serving time, place soup in individual bowls and sprinkle each with chopped red onion and remaining 1/2 teaspoon dill weed. "
1068,Turkey Tetrazzini,,4,,15,45,0,The National Turkey Federation,Another great way to use leftover turkey.," Cook 4 ounces of spaghetti according to package directions.  Drain.  

In 3-quart saucepan, over medium heat, combine cornstarch, milk, broth salt, garlic powder and pepper.  Bring mixture to boil, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in cheese, wine, mushrooms, pimiento, spaghetti and turkey.  

Coat 9 inch square baking dish with non-stick spray.  Spoon turkey mixture into dish and top with almonds.  Bake in 375 degree F.  oven 25 minutes or until mixture bubbles and top is browned. "
1069,Easy Skillet Chicken,,4,,10,23,0,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,Serve chicken over hot rice.," Spray heated skillet with cooking spray.  Add oil and margarine.  Prepare chicken by cutting into 1"" by 3"" chunks.  Brown chicken and onion in oil and margarine.  Toss vegetables (broccoli, carrots and cauliflower are a good choice) with salad dressing.  Add to hot chicken.  Sprinkle with seasoning mix.  Stir fry until done, about 5 to 8 minutes.  Mix pineapple chunks and soy sauce, stirring to coat pineapple.  Garnish with pineapple chunks. "
1070,Chicken Rice Medley,,4,0,15,45,0,The National Broiler Council," Once the chicken is cooked, this is an easy one dish meal. "," Break cooked chicken into pieces.  In Dutch oven or large heavy saucepan, place chicken broth, rice, carrot slices, onion and gumbo seasoning.  Bring to a boil over high temperature.  Stir, cover and reduce heat to low; cook 25 minutes.  Add chicken and sugar snap peas or snow pea pods, stirring well.  Cover and cook 7 minutes more or until sugar snap peas are done. "
1071,Turkey Kabobs,,4,,20,10,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Alternate turkey, fruit and vegetables on metal skewers.  Mix soy sauce, vegetable oil, honey and ginger in small bowl.  Brush ginger-soy sauce mixture on skewered ingredients and place on barbecue rack 3 to 4 inches above medium-hot coals.  Grill about 5 minutes.  Turn and grill 5 minutes longer or just until turkey is cooked.  Brush with sauce while barbecuing.  If preferred, cook on broiler pan under broiler. "
1072,Turkey Ham Strata,,4,,735,40,0,The National Turkey Federation,This plan ahead dish can be made for brunch or dinner.," In an 8-inch square baking dish, layer croutons, turkey ham and cheese.  In small bowl, combine milk, egg substitute, mustard and pepper.  Mix well.  Pour over other ingredients.  Cover and refrigerate overnight.  Uncover baking dish and place in cold oven.  Set temperature to 350 degrees F.  Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until knife inserted near center comes out clean.  Let stand 5 minutes before slicing.

Note:  1 cup egg substitute = 4 eggs
4 eggs = 8 egg whites + 4 teaspoons vegetable oil "
1073,Barbecued Chicken on a Bun,,4,,20,35,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Serve with savory grilled peaches.," Combine seasoned salt and pepper.  Loosen one edge of chicken skin and rub seasoning mixture underneath skin.  Cook chicken skin-side down on covered grill over medium, indirect heat about 30 to 35 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
 
In a small bowl combine peach, green onions, tomato, mint and chili powder to make peach-mint salsa.
 
Serve chicken on buns topped with cheese, ham and salsa.  Garnish with lettuce. "
1074,Turkey Tenderloin Bundles,,2,,15,25,0,The National Turkey Federation,An easy way to cook turkey that results in a tasty package.," Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Place carrots in center of 12 X 16-inch foil rectangle.  Top with tenderloin and sprinkle with garlic powder, rosemary, salt and pepper.  Arrange onions and sweet pepper over tenderloin.  Fold edges of foil up to form a bowl shape.  Pour wine over tenderloin.  Bring two opposite foil sides together above food; fold edges over and down to lock fold.  Fold short ends up and over.  Place foil bundle on a small cookie sheet; bake 20 to 25 minutes until meat reaches 170 degrees F.  (Check doneness by opening foil bundle carefully and inserting meat thermometer in thickest part of meat.) "
1075,Poached Turkey Tenderloins,,4,,10,40,0,The National Turkey Federation,," In large skillet, arrange tenderloins in single layer.  Add celery, onion, tarragon, salt, pepper and wine.  Add water to just cover the tenderloins.  
Cover skillet, over low heat, simmer mixture 40 minutes or until tenderloins are done.  Remove tenderloins and keep warm while preparing sauce.  Reserve poaching liquid for sauce.
 
Note:  Turkey tenderloins may be poached, covered and stored in the refrigerator for two days.  Store reserved poaching liquid covered in the refrigerator.

If fresh tarragon is unavailable, use 1 teaspoon dried. "
1076,Pistachio Turkey Taco Salad,,4,,25,0,0,The California Pistachio Commission," Nestled in a bed of shredded lettuce, turkey tacos become a salad and an entree in one. "," Shred lettuce and arrange on four plates.  Stand 2 taco shells upright in the center of each bed of lettuce; fill with turkey, tomatoes and bell pepper.  Top with sour cream and pistachios.
 
Mix salsa, lime rind and lime juice.  Top with salsa dressing.

Note:  1 pound of cooked turkey breast is about 3 cups. "
1077,Turkey Rice Burgers,,10,,10,24,0,USA Rice Council,Leftover rice makes a great addition to burgers.  Serve on buns like hamburgers or with a salad and vegetable for a complete meal.,Combine all ingredients except cooking spray in large bowl; mix well.  Shape mixture into 10 patties.  Spray large pan with cooking spray.  Cook patties over medium high heat in coated pan 10 to 12 minutes on each side or grill 12 to 14 minutes on each side.
1085,Brown Rice Chicken Bake,,6,,10,20,0,USA Rice Council,Leftover chicken and rice combine for another sensational meal.," Combine rice, peas, chicken, mayonnaise, almonds, soy sauce, garlic powder and tarragon in bowl.  Transfer to 3-quart baking dish coated with cooking spray.  Cover and bake at 350 degrees F.  15 to 20 minutes. "
1387,Sunshine Valley Salad,,6,,15,0,0,National Sunflower Association,," Make dressing:  in small bowl combine vinegar, mustard, oil, salt and pepper, mix until thickened.  Tear lettuce into bite-sized pieces and place in large bowl.  Add tomatoes, cucumber, peppers and onions.  Toss; add dressing and toss gently.  Sprinkle sunflower seeds over salad. "
1391,Lemon-Mint Dressing,,4,1 cup,5,0,0,Almond Board of California,,Mix ingredients well.
1396,Athena Dressing,,6,,5,0,0,Sun-Diamond Growers of California,Delicious for Greek salads.,Combine all ingredients; blend well.
1079,Oriental Stir-Fry,,3,,10,10,0,USA Rice Council,Frozen vegetables and cooked rice make this a quick and easy one dish meal.," Purchase either Japanese or Chinese stir-fry vegetables with seasonings.  Remove seasoning pouch from vegetable package; reserve.  Heat oil in wok over medium-high heat; add chicken.  Stir-fry until chicken loses pink color; push to one side of wok.  Add vegetables.  Do not add oil to vegetables as directed on package.  Cover and cook 2 minutes, stirring once.  Sprinkle vegetables with reserved seasonings; add water as directed.  Cook and stir 30 seconds.  Serve with fluffy rice. "
1080,Peruvian Chicken with Plums,,8,,15,28,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Not your ordinary chicken.," Saute chicken in oil in large nonstick skillet, turning often until golden brown on all sides, about 12 minutes.  Add onion, green pepper, garlic; saute 2 minutes longer.  Add tomato, chili, saffron, stock and bay leaf.  Bring to a boil; cover and simmer 10 minutes.  Add plums and rice; heat.  Serve with extra plum wedges, if desired. "
1081,Poached Turkey Tenderloins - Microwave,,4,,5,10,0,The National Turkey Federation,Great as they are or use this turkey for any recipe that calls for cooked turkey.," In round, 1 to 1 1/2 quart microwave-safe dish, combine celery, onions parsley, pepper and wine.  Arrange tenderloins in a circle, overlapping thin ends.  Cover with vented plastic wrap.  Microwave on HIGH (100% power) 5 to 6 minutes per pound or until tenderloins are no longer pink in center.  Turn tenderloins over halfway through cooking time. "
1082,Chicken Pocket Sandwich,,10,,20,0,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,,Combine all ingredients except bread and lettuce.  Cut each pita bread in half; line with lettuce leaves; spoon mixture into pita pockets.
1083,Turkey Rolls Italian Style,,4,,10,15,5,The National Turkey Federation,," Spray 4 custard cups with nonstick vegetable spray.  On a sheet of wax paper (12 X 16-inch) place cutlets.  Sprinkle 1/8 tsp.  Italian seasoning over each cutlet.
 
Cut cheese into 8 sticks.  Place 2 halves of cheese on each cutlet.  Roll up like a jelly roll to encase cheese.  

In each custard cup place 1 tablespoon sauce and 1 cutlet roll.  Top each cup with 2 tablespoons sauce.  In center of microwave oven arrange cups in a circle.  Cover each cup with a sheet of wax paper (8 X 8-inch).
 
Microwave at Medium High (70% power) for 13 to 15 minutes.  Using pot holders, rotate cups every 5 minutes.  Remove cups from microwave when rolls are no longer pink in the center.  Allow to stand 5 minutes to complete cooking.  To serve unmold cutlets onto serving plate. "
1084,Sonoma Turkey Risotto,,6,,10,30,0,The California Poultry Industry Federation," A twist on traditional Italian risotto, incorporating fresh ingredients. "," Blanch asparagus, onion and Swiss chard by dipping in boiling water until just tender.  Drain.  Melt butter in pan; stir in rice.  Combine wine and broth.  Slowly add combined wine and broth 1/2 cup at a time.  Keep stirring until liquid is absorbed before adding more.  When all liquid has been absorbed and rice is tender, add vegetables and turkey.  Cook, stirring until heated through.  Season to taste.  Serve immediately.

Note:  Serve with well-chilled Sonoma County Sauvignon Blanc wine. "
1086,Lemon Chicken and Rice,,4,,15,35,0,USA Rice Council,," Season chicken breast with salt, pepper and paprika.  Brown chicken in oil in large nonstick skillet over high heat.  Add remaining ingredients except parsley; bring to a boil.  Reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 to 25 minutes, or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed.  Fluff with fork.  Garnish with parsley. "
1087,Turkey Topper,,4,,10,90,0,The Idaho Potato Commission,Leftover turkey becomes a tasty topping for a baked potato.," In medium saucepan, melt butter; saute onions until tender.  Add mushrooms and cook 3 minutes.  Sprinkle in flour and cook stirring over moderate heat 2 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Gradually stir in milk; bring to boiling.  Stir in Parmesan cheese.  Reduce heat, simmer 10 minutes.  Add turkey, sherry, hot pepper sauce and salt and heat through.  Spoon evenly over blossomed potatoes.  Serve immediately.  Cooking time includes the time it takes to bake the potatoes. "
1088,Chicken Mushroom Soup,,6,,15,50,0,The National Broiler Council," An easy to prepare soup with light, clear flavors, perfect for a light lunch or the first course at dinner. "," In large Dutch oven, place chicken breasts.  Add water, celery, onion, salt pepper and bay leaves.  Bring to a boil over high temperature; reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, about 30 minutes.  Remove chicken and bay leaves; skim off fat from broth.  Add carrots and macaroni rosettes and return to a boil.  Lower heat and simmer about 10 minutes or until rosettes are tender.  Remove skin and bones from chicken and discard; chop chicken into bite-size pieces.  Add chicken, mushrooms and parsley to Dutch oven and cook until mushrooms are done, about 5 minutes. "
1089,Chicken Pasta Salad,,6,0,15,95,60,The California Poultry Industry Federation,," In saucepan, steam broccoli over boiling water for about 5 minutes.  Remove broccoli from pan, drain and sprinkle with salt.  While still warm place chicken, broccoli, shell macaroni, tomatoes and onion in a large bowl; sprinkle with pepper.  Add Italian dressing and mix gently but thoroughly.  Chill in refrigerator.  Serve cold. "
1090,Turkey Waldorf Sandwich,,4,,20,0,60,The National Turkey Federation,Use leftover turkey to create a tasty sandwich that combines fruit and turkey.," Core apple and cut into small cubes.

In medium-size bowl combine turkey, celery, apple, walnuts, mayonnaise, yogurt, nutmeg and cinnamon.  Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight to allow flavors to blend.  (Turkey mixture will keep up to 4 days in the refrigerator).
 
To serve, arrange a lettuce leaf on a bread slice.  Spoon 3/4 cup turkey mixture over lettuce leaf and top with another slice of bread.  Repeat with remaining ingredients. "
1091,Chicken-Cabbage Stir-Fry,,4,,10,6,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A quick and tasty stir fry.," Heat oil in frypan.  Add chicken strips and stir fry over moderately high heat, turning pieces constantly until lightly browned (about 2-3 minutes).  Add cabbage; stir fry 2 minutes until cabbage is tender-crisp.  Mix cornstarch and seasonings; add to water and soy sauce, mixing until smooth.  Stir into chicken mixture.  Cook until thickened and pieces are coated, about 1 minute. "
1095,California-Style Turkey Burger,,6,,5,12,0,The National Turkey Federation," A much healthier alternative to regular hamburger, and tasty, too. "," Combine all ingredients in large bowl.  Form 6 patties.  Grill about 6 minutes on each side, depending on thickness.  Serve plain or on buns. "
1136,Steamed Fish,,4,,10,18,0,National Fish & Seafood Promotional Council,," Rinse fish under cold water.  Bring water, ginger and onions to a boil in a pan or wok.  Reduce heat to a simmer.  Place fish on rack.  Cover pan.  Steam fish 6 to 12 minutes until just opaque throughout.  Serve with GARLIC-SOY SAUCE or SOY-MUSTARD SAUCE for dipping. "
1172,Garlic-Soy Dipping Sauce,,4,,5,0,30,The National Fish & Seafood Promotional Council,A lowfat but high sodium complement for fish.,Thoroughly blend and allow to stand 30 minutes before serving.  Serve as a dipping sauce for STEAMED FISH.
1092,Hearty Healthy Chicken Salad,,6,,20,15,120,The National Broiler Council,For a light luncheon or supper.," In large bowl, mix together chicken (while still warm), macaroni, tomatoes, celery, red pepper, and green onions.  Sprinkle with salt, pepper and oregano.  In small saucepan, place chicken broth and garlic; bring to a boil over high temperature and boil for 10 minutes or until broth is reduced to 1/2 cup.  Add wine vinegar and pour over salad, mixing well.  Chill until cold. "
1093,Peachy Parmesan Chicken,,4,,20,35,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Pound chicken breasts between wax paper until 1/8-inch thick.  Spread mustard on one side of chicken; top with proscuitto.  Roll up chicken breast and secure with toothpicks.  Mix flour with tarragon.  Mix breadcrumbs with Parmesan.  Dip chicken roll-up in flour mixture, then egg, then in bread crumb mixture.
 
Heat 1 Tablespoon butter in 8 X 8-inch oven-proof pan.  Put chicken roll-ups in melted butter and bake in 375 degree F.  oven for 20 minutes.  Add peach slices.  Mix remaining melted butter with wine, sprinkle over chicken.  Bake 15 minutes more.  Serve with pan juices.

Note:  Proscuitto may be found in the deli section of the supermarket.  If unavailable, thinly sliced ham may be substituted. "
1094,Turkey Sausage Patties,,6,,10,8,0,The American Cancer Society,A healthy alternative to pork sausage.," In medium-size bowl, combine all ingredients, except egg white.  Using hands, blend ingredients well.  Gently beat egg white with a fork; add to mixture and incorporate with hands or large wooden spoon.  Shape into 12 patties.  Place on non-stick cookie sheet (or cover regular cookie sheet with aluminum foil and spray with non-stick vegetable spray).  Broil 3 to 4 inches from heat source 4 to 5 minutes or until light brown.  Turn and broil additional 2 to 3 minutes, or until cooked through. "
1096,Tomato-Turkey Noodle Bake,,6,,15,50,10,The Florida Tomato Committee,," Use ripe tomatoes.  Dice tomatoes to make about 6 cups; set aside.  In a large skillet, heat oil until hot.  Add onion and garlic; saute until tender, about 5 minutes.  Add thyme, salt, rosemary, black pepper and reserved tomatoes.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered until tomatoes are softened, about 15 minutes.  Stir often.
 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Meanwhile, cook noodles according to package directions; drain.  In a large bowl toss noodles with eggs, 1/2 cup of the Parmesan cheese and milk.  In a shallow 2-quart buttered casserole, layer half of the noodle mixture.  Spoon half the tomato sauce over the noodles.  Top with half the chicken.  Repeat layers.  Sprinkle the other 2 tablespoons of cheese over the chicken.  Bake, uncovered, until firm, 25 to 30 minutes.  Let stand 10 minutes before cutting into portions.

Note:  Chicken may be used in place of turkey. "
1097,Dilly Turkey Stuffed Tomatoes,,6,,20,15,120,The National Turkey Federation," Leftover turkey and tomatoes combine to make a great lunch, or side dish. "," Cut tops from tomatoes.  Scoop out pulp and seeds; discard.  Turn tomatoes upside down on paper towels to drain.  In a medium bowl, combine remaining ingredients; cover and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours or overnight.
 
To serve, fill tomato shells with turkey mixture.  If desired, garnish with a sprig of fresh dill and serve on lettuce. "
1098,Tipsy Turkey Stew,,6,,15,60,0,The National Turkey Federation,Serve with boiled potatoes or over noodles.," Instead of using a boneless turkey roast you may substitute skinned and boned turkey thighs, cut into 1 1/2-inch cubes.  

Heat margarine in wide pot over medium-high heat.  Brown turkey pieces quickly on all sides, processing in batches, if necessary so that there is only a single layer in pot.  Add a little more margarine, if necessary, to prevent sticking.  Remove and reserve.  Add garlic to pan and stir.  Add onions and stir until golden.  Add all spices, except sugar, and beer.  Simmer over low heat for 20 minutes.  Combine flour and water and slowly add to hot mixture, stirring constantly.  Cook until sauce is thickened.  Add carrots, sugar and browned turkey cubes.  Bring to boil and simmer for 10 minutes or until carrots are tender and turkey is cooked through.  Adjust seasonings to taste. "
1099,Sonoma Turkey Bouillabaisse,,8,,20,85,0,The California Poultry Industry Federation,Serve over steamed rice.," Heat oil in large deep pan.  Brown onions, garlic and turkey.  Add remaining ingredients except sausage and peppers.  Simmer over low heat one hour until turkey is tender.  Add sausage and peppers; cook 15 minutes more.  

Note:  If fresh herbs are unavailable substitute 1/2 teaspoon dried.  
750 milliliters is a standard size wine bottle. "
1100,Simply Deluxe Microwave Chicken,,8,0,10,12,2,The National Broiler Council,Cooked rice or pasta and a colorful vegetable round out this easy meal.," Cut each chicken breast in half, making 8 breast halves; brush each piece with browning sauce.  Arrange chicken on rack around outside edges of circular microwave dish.  Cover loosely with wax paper and microwave on HIGH for 6 minutes.  Remove chicken from rack and place in bottom of dish turning breasts over and keeping them in a circle around edge of dish.  Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper.  In small bowl, mix together yogurt, onion and mustard; spoon over chicken dividing equally on each piece.  Cover loosely with wax paper and microwave on HIGH about 6 minutes or until fork can be inserted in chicken with ease.  Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.  Let stand 2 minutes, then remove chicken to warm serving platter.  

Stir together pan juices and pour into separate serving bowl to spoon over rice or pasta served with chicken. "
1101,Layered Chicken Salad,,4,,25,0,120,National Chicken Cooking Contest,A great looking salad with good taste that makes a great dish for entertaining.," Break chicken into pieces.  Separate onion into rings.  

In medium glass bowl, layer 1/2 each of following ingredients in this order:  cooked chicken, water chestnuts, alfalfa sprouts and onion rings.  Sprinkle with half of the dressing and half of the pepper.  Repeat layers and sprinkle with remaining dressing and pepper.  Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours.  Serve cold. "
1104,Turkey Pastrami and Swiss in Rye,,4,,10,0,0,The National Turkey Federation,Use your local deli as a resource to make great sandwiches at home or on a picnic.," Slice rolls in half.  Top roll half with 1 slice pastrami, 1/4 cup coleslaw another slice pastrami, slice of cheese and top half of roll.  If low calorie Swiss is unavailable use part-skim mozzarella. "
1121,Fresh Shrimp Sandwich,,6,,20,0,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Nectarines turn shrimp salad into something really special.," Combine first 6 ingredients.  Fold in shrimp and next 3 ingredients.  Serve on sliced buns with lettuce or as a salad.

Note:  1 cup of bay shrimp is 6 ounces. "
1140,Baked Tilapia with Mustard,,4,,5,20,0,Simplot,,Place tilapia fillets in well oiled baking pan.  Evenly coat fillets with 1 teaspoon mustard.  Sprinkle with bread crumbs.  Bake covered at 400 degrees F.  for 15 to 20 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork.
1380,Refreshing Mint Dressing,,6,1/3 cup,5,0,0,Beef Industry Council,,Combine all ingredients.  Whisk before serving.
1102,Grilled Chicken Salad,,4,,90,20,0,USA Rice Council,A colorful entree that turns into a complete meal with some good bread and a fruit dessert.," Season chicken with salt and pepper.  Grill or broil chicken breasts.  Add zucchini during last 5 minutes of grilling or broiling.  Cover and chill chicken and zucchini; cut chicken into 3/4 inch cubes.  Combine rice, chicken, zucchini, artichokes, snow peas (substitute frozen defrosted for fresh if desired) and red pepper in large bowl.  Blend dressing and basil in small bowl.  Pour over salad; toss lightly.  Serve on lettuce leaves. "
1103,Turkey and Pineapple on Skewers,,4,,10,20,0,The National Turkey Federation,," Cut turkey into 1 1/2-inch cubes.  Thread on skewers, alternating with pineapple.  Reserve pineapple juice.  Brush skewers with salad dressing.  Broil or barbecue 3 inches from heat source, turning frequently, for approximately 15 minutes.
 
Meanwhile, combine reserved pineapple juice, soy sauce and cinnamon in a small saucepan.  Simmer uncovered to thicken glaze.  Spoon over turkey just before serving. "
1105,Turkey Potato Salad,,3,,15,0,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,Serve with a roll or on a bed of lettuce with bean sprouts.," Lightly mix the turkey, celery, jicama (or canned water chestnuts), onions, potatoes, parsley and dill.  Add the yogurt and mix.  Add pepper to taste. "
1106,Turkey Medallions Piccata,,4,,15,10,0,The National Turkey Federation,A quick and easy take-off on the traditional veal piccata.," Lightly sprinkle one side of each turkey medallion with salt and pepper.  In a large non-stick skillet, over medium-high heat, saute turkey and garlic in oil and margarine for approximately 1 1/2 minutes per side turning each medallion over when edges have turned from pink to white.  Continue cooking medallions until meat thermometer reaches 170-175 degrees F.  and all centers of medallions are no longer pink.  Remove skillet from heat.  Pour lemon juice over medallions and sprinkle capers over top; serve immediately. "
1107,Citrus Chicken,,8,,10,26,0,The National Broiler Council,An easy dish that's got an out of the ordinary flavor.," In a small bowl, mix together salt, paprika, basil, rosemary and pepper; sprinkle over chicken.  In non-stick frying pan, place butter and melt over medium heat.  Add chicken and cook, turning, about 10 minutes or until brown on all sides.  In small bowl, mix together lemon, lime and orange juices; add wine and stir to blend.  Pour over chicken in pan, cover reduce heat to low and simmer about 15 minutes or until fork can be inserted in chicken with ease.  Remove chicken to warm dish.  Into pan drippings, slowly stir yogurt; heat about 1 minute and pour over chicken. "
1108,Turkey Yakitori,,4,,255,10,0,The National Turkey Federation Federation.,A tasty lowfat way to serve grilled turkey.," Dissolve bouillon granules in boiling water; mix in plastic bag with all other ingredients except green onions and green pepper.  Prop bag in container so that all turkey is submerged.  Allow to marinate in refrigerator at least 4 hours.  Thread onto skewers with green onions and green pepper cubes.  Grill over hot coals (or broil) 6 inches from heat, 4 to 5 minutes on each side.  Brush with remaining marinade while cooking.  If desired, prepare additional marinade as a dipping sauce for Yakitori.  DO NOT use original marinade as a dip when serving. "
1109,Basic Turkey Burger Plus,,4,,15,10,0,The National Turkey Federation,A tasty lower fat version of regular hamburger.," In a large bowl, combine turkey, bread crumbs, onions, egg, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, garlic powder and mustard.  Shape meat mixture into 4 patties, each 1/2- inch thick.  On a lightly greased broiling pan, about 6 inches from heat, broil burgers 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until no longer pink in center.  Serve burgers on buns. "
1110,Chicken Italian,,6,,15,60,0,State of South Carolina Department of Agriculture,Serve over rice or pasta with cheese.," Place chicken in 9"" x 12"" baking dish.  Place onion and mushrooms over chicken.  Pour sauce over all.  Cover.  Cook about one hour in 350 degree F.  oven.  Sprinkle with Italian seasoning.  

Note:  2 tablespoons dried minced onions may be substituted for the chopped onion. "
1111,Best Bartlett Bake,,4,,15,12,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement," Pears make this easy, quick microwave chicken entree delicious. "," Preheat microwave browning dish in microwave on high 7 minutes or according to manufacturer's instructions.  While dish is heating, combine wine, mustard and cayenne pepper; reserve.
 
Season chicken with pepper; lightly dredge chicken in flour; reserve.  Drizzle oil over preheated dish and place chicken smooth side down.  Sprinkle onion around chicken and microwave on high 4 minutes.  Turn chicken over and pour wine mixture over chicken and onion.  Cover and microwave on medium-high 6 minutes.  Add pears, cover and microwave on high until tender, about 1 1/2 minutes. "
1112,Turkey Tarragon Pitas,,4,,80,0,0,The National Turkey Federation,Grapes and tarragon turn this into an out of the ordinary turkey salad sandwich.," In a medium bowl, combine yogurt, mayonnaise and tarragon.  Fold in turkey and grapes; cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour.  Trim tops from pita pockets.  Line inside of pitas with lettuce.  Carefully fill with turkey mixture. "
1113,Stuffed Chicken Breasts,,4,,25,20,0,USA Rice Council,A great dish for entertaining.  Each chicken bundle comes with a surprise inside.  It looks like you worked all day.," Toast rice bran by spreading on baking sheet and baking at 325 degrees for 7 to 8 minutes.  Season insides of pounded chicken breasts with salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.  Combine rice, tomatoes, cheese, rice bran, basil and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.  Spoon rice mixture on top of pounded chicken breasts; fold over and secure sides with wooden picks.  Wipe off outsides of chicken breasts with paper towel.  Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat.  Cook stuffed chicken breast in hot oil 1 minute on each side or just until golden brown.  Transfer chicken to shallow baking pan.  Bake at 350 degrees F.  8 to 10 minutes. "
1138,Sandlapper Salad,,8,,20,0,180,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,Leftover fish gets a new life as a salad.," Mix all ingredients in a large bowl.  Refrigerate several hours, stirring occasionally.  Serve as is, or on beds of lettuce or fresh spinach. "
1158,Seafood Pear Pasta,,4,,10,15,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A creamy sauce with fresh pears makes a unique pasta dish.," Stir ricotta into hot milk.  Set aside.  Heat crab, pears and almonds (optional) in nonstick skillet.  Add sherry; cook 1 minute.  Stir in ricotta cheese mixture; season to taste.  Serve over hot pasta. "
1366,-Garlic Bread-,,6,1 loaf,10,25,0,,," Blend garlic with butter.  About 1/2 hour before serving, preheat oven to 375 degrees F.  Meanwhile, slice bread 1 inch thick, cutting to, but not through, the bottom.  Spread both sides of each slice with garlic butter and wrap snugly in heavy foil.  Place on a baking sheet and bake in oven 20 - 25 minutes. "
1389,Darvish Dressing,,8,2 cups,10,0,0,Almond Board of California,Great to use with leftover turkey for a smashing salad!," Combine yogurt, vinegar and oil in a small bowl.  Whip with wire whisk until well combined and smooth.  Mix garlic, cucumber and dill into dressing.  Then mix in mint, if desired.

Note:  2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint may be used instead. "
1114,Autumn Medley Stew,,8,1,15,60,0,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,," In a large soup kettle, simmer chicken breasts in 2 cups of water or chicken broth.  Add onion to chicken as it simmers.  While it's cooking, you can slice other vegetables.  When chicken is cooked throughout, remove and set aside.  Add tomatoes, carrots, peppers and spices to onion and broth mixture.  Continue to simmer.  Break chicken into chunks, de-bone and add to stew.  Simmer 30 minutes or until carrots and potatoes are done.  Add rice and simmer 10 more minutes. "
1115,Pasta Shells A La Turkey Waldorf,,15,,20,10,60,The National Turkey Federation," Large pasta shells are filled with a unique turkey salad mixture for a great lunch, side dish or even appetizer. "," In a medium-size bowl, combine turkey, apple, celery, vinegar, dill and mayonnaise.  Spoon approximately 1 tablespoon filling into each pasta shell.  Garnish with walnuts.  Cover and chill until served. "
1116,Turkey Fajitas,,4,,75,12,0,The National Turkey Federation," Like what you get at your favorite Mexican restaurant, only healthier and tastier. "," In 1-quart bowl combine turkey, cilantro, garlic, cumin, chili powder, soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce.  Cover and refrigerate 1 hour.  

In large non-stick skillet, over medium-high heat, stir-fry turkey mixture in 1 teaspoon oil for 4 minutes, or until turkey is no longer pink.  Remove from skillet and set aside.  

Add remaining teaspoon of oil to skillet.  Stir-fry red and green peppers 2 minutes or until slightly softened.  Add onion; cook, stirring constantly until vegetables are crisp-tender.  

Return turkey strips to skillet.  Pour lime juice over mixture and stir to combine.  Remove from heat and serve immediately in flour tortillas.  

Garnish with sour cream, guacamole and salsa, if desired. "
1117,Sesame Chicken Salad,,6,,30,0,0,USA Rice Council,A tasty salad with an Oriental flavored dressing.," Cut cucumber into 1 1/2 by 1/4-inch strips.  Cut red pepper into 1 1/2 by 1/4-inch strips.
 
Combine the first six ingredients (rice through green onions).  Stir well.  Combine remaining ingredients:  chicken broth, peanut oil, rice vinegar, soy sauce and sesame oil in a jar.  Cover tightly and shake vigorously.  Makes about 3/4 cup.  Combine dressing with chicken and rice mixture.  Serve at room temperature or slightly chilled. "
1118,Ginger Turkey Stir-Fry,,6,,85,15,0,The National Turkey Federation," Instead of rice, cracked wheat adds some variety to your diet.  It's a great combination with this tasty lowfat stir fry. "," Pour boiling water over cracked wheat and let stand 1 hour; drain.  

Combine water, lemon juice, honey, ginger, soy sauce and garlic.  Dissolve cornstarch in mixture; set aside.  

Heat oil over high heat in wok or large skillet.  Add carrots; stir-fry 3 minutes or until tender crisp.  Add broccoli, mushrooms and water chestnuts; stir-fry about 2 more minutes.  Remove from pan.  

Stir-fry turkey until lightly browned.  Add sauce and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened and translucent.  Add vegetables; heat throughout.  Serve over cracked wheat. "
1119,Sonoma Turkey and Vegetables,,12,,15,135,0,The California Poultry Industry Federation,A hearty turkey and vegetable one dish meal that is great for a crowd.," Heat oil in a large Dutch oven; brown turkey on all sides.  Add wine, broth and rosemary; reduce heat.  Simmer 1 1/2 hours, covered.  Add remaining ingredients and cook 15 minutes more.  Remove turkey and vegetables from cooking liquid; keep warm.  Bring liquid to boil; cook until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes more.  Serve sauce with sliced turkey and vegetables.
 
Note:  If fresh rosemary is unavailable, substitute 1 tsp.  dried.  
A standard wine bottle is 750 milliliters. "
1120,Garlic Lime Chicken,,4,,40,12,0,The National Chicken Cooking Contest," An easy to make, versatile, low fat recipe that tastes as delicious cold as it does hot.  During the summer, it's great on the grill. "," Mix together soy sauce, lime juice, Worcestershire sauce, garlic and mustard.  Place chicken in bowl and pour sauce over all.  Cover and marinate in refrigerator 30 minutes.  Remove chicken from marinade and sprinkle with pepper.  Spray nonstick frypan with butter-flavored cooking spray and heat over medium temperature.  Add chicken and cook about 6 minutes on each side or until fork can be inserted in chicken with ease. "
1122,Dilled Potato Rounds Fish Fillets,with Creamy Mustard Sauce and Tomatoes,4,,15,12,0,The Potato Board,," Suggested fish:  Flounder, sole, turbot, whiting.

Arrange potatoes around outer edge of a 12 inch round microwave platter.  Sprinkle with dill.

If the fillets are wider than 2 to 3 inches, cut them in half lengthwise.  Fold the thinner ends of each fish fillet under the thicker center in two-fold letter fashion.  Place seam side down next to potato rounds.  

Spoon tomatoes in center of platter and sprinkle with basil.  Spoon half of the Creamy Mustard Sauce evenly over the fish fillets.  Stick a toothpick into enter of each fish fillet to keep covering from touching the sauce.  Cover tightly with plastic wrap, turning back one side slightly to vent steam.  Microwave on HIGH 10 to 12 minutes rotating platter halfway through cooking.  Serve with lemon wedges and extra sauce.

Creamy Mustard Sauce:  In a small bowl mix 1/2 cup mayonnaise with 2 tablespoons Dijon style mustard and 2 teaspoons horseradish.

Note:  If fresh herbs are unavailable use 1 teaspoon dry.  4 tomatoes is about 2 cups. "
1123," Pacific Chicken, Shrimp and Kiwifruit Kabobs ",,4,,25,8,120,New Zealand Fruit Company," A colorful and tasty combination of shrimp, chicken, fruit and vegetables that's great on the grill. "," Peel kiwifruit and cut into quarters.  Cut chicken into sixteen 1-inch pieces.  Core and quarter pepper, cut each quarter into 4 pieces.  Peel and quarter onion, cut each quarter into 4 pieces.  Toss chicken, peppers and onions with lime-ginger marinade; marinate 1-2 hours in refrigerator.  When ready to cook, toss kiwifruit and shrimp with other ingredients to coat with marinade.  Divide ingredients among 8 skewers.  Grill or broil, 3-4 minutes per side, turning skewers once, until chicken and shrimp are cooked through.  

For lime-ginger marinade:  Whisk together last 7 ingredients, from lime juice through hot red pepper, until well combined. "
1154,Shrimp-Pear Pasta Salad,,6,,15,10,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Mix dressing by combining yogurt, mustard, dill weed and hot sauce.  Mix all other ingredients, except lettuce leaves, with dressing.  Arrange salad on bed of lettuce. "
1428,-French Toast-,,4,,5,10,0,," If you have day-old or stale bread on hand, this is a great way to use it up! "," Beat egg with milk in a large soup bowl or pie plate.  Melt about 2 teaspoons of butter in a large skillet.  Dip bread quickly, on both sides, in egg batter and brown on each side in butter.  Serve hot with maple syrup or fruit topping. "
1124,Ragout of Tuna,,6,,20,25,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",Serve the rest of the sauce with noodles or rice as an accompaniment.," Make about a dozen incisions in the sides of the fish.  Into each cut insert a little of the mint, chopped garlic (using only about half of the total amount), and a little salt and pepper.  In a large non-stick skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat.  Add fish and brown on both sides.  Pour the wine over the fish and continue cooking, basting with the liquid until the wine has completely evaporated (about 5 minutes).  Remove fish to a warm casserole.  
Add remaining garlic and the onions to the pan, sprinkle with the sugar and remaining salt and let turn golden over low heat, about 5 minutes.  Return fish to skillet.  Add tomatoes, sugar and hot water and simmer until fish is cooked through and a sauce consistency is obtained.  To serve, pour some of the sauce over fish.

Note:  If fresh mint is unavailable, use 1 teaspoon dried. "
1125,Blue Crab Salad,,4,,20,10,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,," Remove any remaining shell or cartilage from crabmeat.  Flake crabmeat.  Cook asparagus spears.  Drain and chill.  Place 3 or 4 asparagus spears in each lettuce cup.  Place 1/4 of crabmeat on asparagus.  Cover with approximately 2 tablespoons Lemon-Caper Dressing.  Garnish with lemon.

For Lemon-Caper Dressing:  Combine ingredients from mayonnaise to Worcestershire sauce.  Chill.  Makes approximately 2/3 cups dressing. "
1126,Gravlox,,14,,15,0,2880," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",This delicious marinated salmon is worth the wait.," Place salmon skin side down in a large pan.  Rub salt and sugar into salmon meat.  Be careful to weigh the pan carefully.  Add fennel fronds and pour liqueur evenly over fish.  Sprinkle with pepper and cover pan with plastic film.  Refrigerate 24 hours, then turn fish and marinate with the juices collecting in the pan.  Serve after fish has marinated at least 48 hours. "
1127,Shrimp-Stuffed Shells,,4,,15,15,120,The National Pasta Association,A different way to serve shrimp salad.," In a mixing bowl, combine the mayonnaise and Dijon mustard.  Add the shrimp, onion, peas, celery, salt, and pepper.  Stir to combine thoroughly.  Refrigerate mixture at least 2 hours before filling the shells.  Fill shells with shrimp mixture and sprinkle with paprika. "
1128,Poached Fish with Horseradish Sauce,,2,,5,10,0,The National Marine Fisheries Service,," Combine first 4 ingredients to make horseradish sauce.  Place fish in an 8-inch fry pan.  Add water, lemon juice, and salt.  Cover and simmer for 5 to 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork.  Remove fish to a hot platter.  Sprinkle with paprika.  Serve with horseradish sauce. "
1129,Shrimp Marinara Pasta,,2,,10,25,0,The National Fisheries Institute,," Cook onion, green pepper and garlic in hot oil until tender in 1-quart skillet or soup pot.  Add tomato sauce, tomato paste, water and seasonings.  Cover and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add shrimp.  Cover and simmer for approximately 3 minutes longer or until shrimp are tender.  Serve over cooked pasta. "
1130,Seafood Risotto,,4,,15,42,0,The National Fisheries Institute," A one pot dish that requires just a tossed salad, a steamed vegetable and fruit for dessert for a complete meal. "," Heat oil in large, heavy skillet.  Saute onion and garlic over medium heat until soft.  Add rice and saute until opaque, about 3 minutes.  Add 1 cup broth and bring to a boil.  Cover and simmer about 10 minutes or until liquid is absorbed.  Add remaining broth and zucchini; cover and simmer 5 minutes.  Add shrimp, scallops and peas.  Simmer, covered, 10 minutes stirring once.  Stir in parsley and cook about 5 minutes or until liquid is absorbed, rice is tender and seafood is opaque throughout.  Stir in Parmesan cheese. "
1131," Fish Baked with Summer Squash, Onion and Herbs ",,4,,15,45,0,The National Cancer Institute,," Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.  Coat the bottom of a 9 X 12-inch ovenproof baking dish with the oil.  Spread half the sliced onion, zucchini and yellow squash over the bottom of the dish.  Lay the fish fillets on top of the vegetables.  Cover the fish with the remaining onions and squash.  Sprinkle the lemon juice over the dish and then the salt and pepper.  Cover tightly with aluminum foil.  Bake the fish for about 45 minutes, until the fish is firm and opaque and the vegetables are tender.  Just before serving sprinkle the herbs over the top.

Note:  Use any firm white fish such as orange roughy or cod.  Use any combination of thyme, tarragon, chives, parsley and dill for the herbs. "
1132,Tropical Date Sauce for Fish,,4,1 cup,0,3,0,The California Date Administrative Committee,A tasty addition to poached or grilled fish.," In electric blender, blend pineapple to crush but not puree.  Blend crushed pineapple with dates and mustard.  Store in covered container in refrigerator up to 1 week.  Serve at room temperature over grilled or poached fish fillets. "
1133,Oysters on Pasta,,6,,15,25,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,An easy pasta dish with oysters.  Serve with salad and garlic bread.," Heat margarine and oil in a medium skillet.  Add garlic and onion; saute lightly.  Blend in tomato paste.  Add water, wine, oregano, salt, pepper and sugar.  Stir well and simmer for 5 minutes.

Meanwhile, cook vermicelli pasta until desired doneness; drain.

Add oysters and their juice to skillet.  Cook, stirring occasionally until edges of oysters ruffle.  Stir in chopped parsley.  Pour half of oyster mixture over pasta and toss.  Serve remaining sauce over pasta, with grated Parmesan cheese on the side. "
1134,Bell Peppers Stuffed with Shrimp,,6,,20,53,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,A different type of stuffing for peppers that's incredibly tasty.," Cut off tops of bell peppers and reserve.  Remove seeds.  Saute chopped celery and bell pepper in butter for three minutes.  Meanwhile, coarsely chop shrimp and combine with eggs, bread crumbs, milk, salt, pepper, and Worcestershire sauce.  Add sauteed ingredients.  Stuff into bell peppers, replacing tops.  Place in a deep casserole dish.  Cover the dish and bake in a 350 degree F.  oven for 50 minutes or until peppers are tender. "
1401,Honey Lime Dressing,,4,1/4 cup,10,0,0,California Kiwifruit Commission," A delicious topping for fruit salads, such as a kiwi-banana-papaya combination. ",Combine ingredients; mix well.
1135,Simply Snapper,,6,,20,40,0,West Coast Fisheries Development Foundation,," Rinse fish with cold water; pat dry with paper towels.  Cut fish into 6 equal-size serving portions.  Slice olives; set aside.  In a large skillet, fry bacon over medium heat until crisp.  Remove bacon from skillet reserving bacon drippings.  Blot bacon with paper towels and crumble; set aside.  Saute onion in bacon drippings until tender.  Place fish in a single layer in well-greased 2-quart glass baking dish.  Sprinkle with lemon juice, pepper and garlic salt.  Top with onion and olives.  Combine bacon, bread crumbs and parsley; sprinkle over top of olives.  Bake, uncovered, at 350 F.  for 25-30 minutes, or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. "
1137,Stir-Fry Shrimp Scramble,,6,,10,15,0,The American Egg Board,," In 10-inch omelet pan or skillet over medium heat, cook pea pods, shrimp, onions and garlic in hot oil until pea pods can be broken apart with fork.  Stir in water chestnuts.  Cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 5 minutes.

Beat together eggs, ginger and salt, if desired, until blended.  Pour over vegetables.  With pancake turner, gently lift and turn mixture until eggs are thickened and no visible liquid egg remains.  Garnish with onion fan if desired.  (To make green onion fans, slit the white part of the green onion lengthwise.  Put in glass of cold water in the refrigerator and it will curl.)

Note:  If you need to lower the cholesterol content of this recipe you can substitute 2 egg whites for each whole egg for up to 3 of the eggs, in which case you would use 3 whole eggs and 6 egg whites. "
1139,Gulf Coast Stir-Fry,,6,,20,17,0,USA Rice Council,," Heat oil with garlic in large skillet or wok over high heat.  Add onion, pepper, mushrooms, snow peas, and water chestnuts; stir-fry until vegetables are tender crisp.  Blend broth with soy sauce and cornstarch.  Stir in crawfish (about 2 1/2 cups) and broth mixture.  Cook until sauce is thickened and bubbly.  Serve over hot rice.  Serve with soy sauce, if desired.

If crawfish is unavailable you may substitute medium peeled, deveined shrimp. "
1141,Risotto Con Frutti Di Mare,,6,,15,31,10," National Fisheries Institute, Inc. "," This dish contains surimi, the crab substitute, so it looks expensive but it's not. "," In a 3-quart baking dish or casserole, microwave oil 1 minute on HIGH.  Stir in rice, onion, green pepper and celery.  Stir well to coat rice with oil.  Microwave uncovered, on HIGH 5 minutes.  Stir in garlic, chicken broth (or water) and clam juice.  Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH 15 minutes.  Stir in zucchini, peas, parsley, basil, and pepper.  Microwave on HIGH, uncovered, 10 minutes longer, stirring after 5 minutes.  Stir in Surimi Seafood.  Cover with paper towel, let stand 10 minutes before serving.  Pass Parmesan cheese separately. "
1143,Fish Florentine,,2,,10,30,0,The National Marine Fisheries Service,An easy topping that really jazzes up fish.," To make the Florentine topping, cook spinach according to directions on package; combine with bread crumbs, nutmeg and dash of pepper.  Place fillets, skin side down, in a well-greased baking pan, 8x8x2 inches.  Spread Florentine topping over fillets.  Sprinkle with cheese.  Bake in moderate oven, 350 F.  for 20 to 25 minutes or until fillets flake easily when tested with a fork.  Serve with lemon wedges. "
1144,Fish Chowder,,4,,140,55,0,The National Fisheries Institute,," Cut up fish into cubes.  Sprinkle with lemon juice.  Cover and refrigerate several hours.  In a large saucepan, combine clam juice, water, potatoes, onions, carrots bay leaf, salt and pepper.  Cover and simmer 45 minutes.  Add fish, curry powder, peas, corn and milk.  Cover and simmer an additional 10 minutes.  Remove bay leaf.  Sprinkle individual servings with crisp bacon, if desired.

Note:  Use fish such a cod, haddock, sea bass, pollock, monkfish, ling cod, whiting or tilefish. "
1145,English Style Catfish,with Root Vegetables and Sherry,2,,15,10,0,The Catfish Institute,This easy microwave dish combines catfish with some of the best and most traditional elements of English cuisine.," Butter a microwaveable baking dish large enough to hold both catfish
fillets.  Cut vegetables into a julienne, toss them to mix and line the
prepared dish with them.  Dot with small pieces of butter, and sprinkle on
salt, pepper and thyme.  Drizzle sherry over all and place catfish fillets
on top.  Cover with plastic wrap and microwave at full power for 8-10
minutes, rotating dish every 2-3 minutes, if frozen, or 4-5 minutes if
fresh.

Note:  1 celery stalk may be substituted for the celery root. "
1146,Swordfish Skewers with Pears,,4,,10,10,30,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A tasty way to serve fish.  The fruit adds a new touch.," Alternate fish and pear cubes on skewers.  In small saucepan, mix water and cornstarch.  Heat to boiling, stirring constantly.  Cook until thickened.  Remove from heat.  Stir in remaining ingredients to create Pepper Baste.  Let cool.  Brush fish and pears generously with Pepper Baste.  Broil 4 inches from heat source, turning once, 6 to 8 minutes or until fish is no longer translucent and flakes with fork.  Serve with lime wedges. "
1147,Sheepshead Bay Sea Bass,,6,,15,20,0,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets," The dish bakes in the oven in a flavorful blanket of tomatoes, mushrooms and shrimp; olives and lemon are the garnish. "," Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  In a frying pan over medium heat, melt butter; add mushrooms and cook just until limp; then stir in tomatoes and garlic; heat through.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.  

Wipe fish with damp cloth; cut into serving-size pieces (about 3 by 5 inches), if desired.  Arrange pieces in single layer, without crowding, in greased large, shallow baking pan.  Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper and spoon mushroom mixture evenly over fish; arrange shrimp evenly over fish.

Bake, uncovered, checking for change in translucency or until fish flakes readily when prodded in thickest portion with a fork and shrimp are pink.  For a 1-inch thick piece of fish (measured in thickest portion), allow 10 minutes.  
Remove fish from oven; transfer to a warm serving platter, along with vegetable mixture (discard pan juices).  To serve, tilt platter slightly and spoon off juices that have accumulated; discard.  Garnish platter with tomato wedges, olives, parsley, lemon. "
1436,T.B.P.B. Smoothie,,1,,5,0,0,California State Automobile Association,,Blend in blender until smooth.
1148,Risotto,,4,,15,30,5,The California Olive Industry,Risotto comes in many guises.  Shrimp and olives make this one especially delicious.," Use Italian arborio or California medium grain rice.

Use a large shallow pan or skillet that has a tight-fitting lid.  Gently
saute onion and garlic in olive oil until soft.  Add rice.  Cook and stir
over medium heat 1 minute.  Stir in chicken broth and wine.  Cover and cook over low heat about 20 to 25 minutes or until tender but still 'puddly.'
(It should be moister than regular rice.) Remove pan from heat.  Stir in
Parmesan, olives, shrimp and parsley.  Cover and let stand 5 minutes.  Add a touch more wine if you like it moister. "
1149,Summer Seafood Salad,,4,,15,20,30,USA Rice Council,An easy salad with light fresh flavors.," Combine rice, crab meat, water chestnuts, celery and onions in large mixing bowl.  Combine yogurt, sour cream, lemon juice, and seasonings in small bowl; blend well.  Pour over rice mixture; toss lightly.  Serve on lettuce leaves and garnish with tomato wedges.

If crab meat is unavailable substitute crab-flavored Surimi Seafood flakes or chunks. "
1150,Seafood Marinara with Pasta,,2,,10,30,0,The National Marine Fisheries Service,Serve over hot cooked pasta with garlic bread and a tossed salad for a complete meal.," Cut squid into rings or strips.  Cook onion, green pepper, and garlic in hot oil until tender.  Add tomato sauce, tomato paste, water and seasonings.  Cover and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Add squid.  Cover and simmer for approximately 5 minutes longer or until squid is tender.  Serve over cooked pasta.

Note:  For variety, substitute cleaned shrimp, or shucked drained clams. "
1151,Chinese Steamed Fish,,4,1,10,15,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Cut fish lengthwise into 2-inch wide strips.  Sprinkle with pepper as desired.  Mix fish with cornstarch, soy sauce and sherry in bowl.  Arrange fish strips in spirals on shallow dish and sprinkle with onion, ginger, garlic and peaches.  For steaming, place low rack or trivet in bottom of 10 to 12 inch skillet.  Pour hot water into bottom of pan, under rack, and bring to boil.  Place plate of fish on rack.  Cover skillet.  Steam 10 to 15 minutes or until fish is cooked.  Transfer fish spirals and peaches to serving dish using wide spatula and spoon sauce over as desired. "
1152,Shrimp with Snow Peas,,4,,10,15,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,," If shrimp are large, split in half lengthways.  Combine soy, wine, chicken broth, ginger, cornstarch, and water.  Set aside.  Heat oil to a high temperature in a wok set over moderately high heat.  Cook the shrimp, snow peas, onions and water chestnuts one ingredient at a time, stirring occasionally for 3-4 minutes, or until tender yet crisp.  As each ingredient is cooked, remove it from the pan and add another.  When all are cooked, return them to the wok, stir and add the soy sauce mixture, stirring until the sauce thickens slightly, about 2-3 minutes.  Serve over hot rice. "
1153,Mariner Bean Salad Plate,,6,,20,0,120,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,Beans and seafood combine to make this entree tasty and filling for either lunch or dinner.," Combine beans and cheese.  Stir basil and sugar into dressing.  Pour over bean mixture.  Marinate, refrigerated, until chilled, about 1 hour.  Mound about 1 cup bean salad in center of each lettuce-lined salad plate.  Garnish each plate with artichoke hearts, shrimp, jicama and lemon wedge.

Notes:  Marinate seafood in your favorite dressing.  Other seafood that can be used successfully is crab or whitefish. "
1155,Shrimp Stir-Fry,,4,,20,5,0,USA Rice Council,An easy shrimp and vegetable stir fry.," Heat oil in large skillet or wok over high heat.  Add shrimp and vegetables; stir-fry several minutes until shrimp turns pink and vegetables are tender crisp.  Combine cornstarch and soy sauce with 1/3 water.  Gradually add cornstarch mixture to skillet, stirring constantly until thickened.  Serve over hot rice. "
1156,Moroccan Catfish Couscous,,6,,25,50,0,The Catfish Institute,An unusual ethnic dish that is sure to impress guests or delight the family.," Place almonds on a baking sheet and toast in a 350 degree F.  oven for 8-10 minutes until golden brown, then set aside.  Heat oil in a large heavy
skillet, add onions and cook over medium heat until softened, about 5
minutes.  Add garlic, carrots, peppers, seasonings, chicken broth and 2
cups water.  Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes.  Reduce heat, add
catfish, chickpeas and zucchini, and simmer for 12-15 minutes until catfish flakes easily with a fork.  Prepare couscous or rice according to package
instructions.  Mound the prepared couscous or rice on a large serving
platter, making a well in the center.  Fill the well with catfish and
vegetables, reserving some of the cooking broth, and sprinkle with toasted almonds.  Serve remaining cooking broth separately to be spooned over individual servings. "
1157,Sole and Broccoli Roll-Ups,,6,,20,30,0,The West Coast Fisheries Development Foundation," Fish and vegetable combined into one tasty, eye-pleasing combination. "," Thaw fish if frozen.  Rinse fish with cold water; pat dry with paper towels.  Set aside.  

Steam broccoli for 5 minutes, or until crisp-tender but not fully cooked; drain.  Divide fish and broccoli spears into 6 equal-size serving portions.  Sprinkle fish with 1/2 teaspoon salt.  To assemble roll-ups, place a small bundle of broccoli spears on each fish portion alternating direction of flowerets within each bundle; roll up.  Set aside.

In large skillet, combine wine, water, butter, green onion, lemon juice and bay leaf; bring to boil.  Reduce heat.  Add roll-ups, seam side down; sprinkle with remaining salt.  Cover and simmer slowly for 12-15 minutes, or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork.  Using wide spatula transfer roll-ups to warm serving platter, reserving broth.  Turn heat to medium-high and reduce broth until slightly thickened.  Pour sauce over roll-ups.  Garnish with pimiento strips if desired. "
1159,Native American Catfish,with Pine Nuts,4,,10,8,0,The Catfish Institute," Classic fried catfish with creamy, sweet pine nuts.  Best served with succotash. "," Combine ground pine nuts with cornmeal, flour and seasonings.  Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over moderate heat.  Dredge catfish fillets in cornmeal mixture and pan fry about 4 minutes per side until opaque.
Sprinkle with whole pine nuts. "
1160,Stuffed Fish Turbans,,4,,15,30,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,A colorful grilled fish entree with fresh summer fruit.," Slice 8 plum halves in half; reserve for garnish.  Chop remaining fruit and combine with onion, cheese, green pepper, chopped basil, lemon peel and seasonings.  Sprinkle fish with lemon juice and season with salt and pepper to taste.  Divide fruit stuffing among the fillets.  Roll up starting at the small end.  Secure with small wooden skewers.  Place upright on double thickness of foil.  Place reserved plum quarters between fish turbans to allow for more even cooking.  Seal foil tightly and place on grill.

Cook on covered grill over medium, direct heat 25 to 30 minutes or until
fish flakes easily with fork.  Serve each turban with 4 plum quarters and
garnish with a sprig of basil, if desired. "
1161,Fish with Pear Jardiniere,,4,,15,20,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Heat oil in large nonstick skillet.  Add onion and carrot; stir to mix well.
Cover and cook slowly 5 to 10 minutes.  Mix mustard, basil and dill weed.  Toss with pears.  Add to skillet fish fillets (use any firm fish like sea bass, haddock or salmon), pears, tomatoes and lemon slices.  Cover and simmer 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork. "
1162,Smoky Broiled Catfish,,4,,5,6,0,The Catfish Institute," Fish with an outdoor taste, cooked indoors. "," In small bowl, combine soy sauce, lemon juice, garlic powder and liquid
woodsmoke flavoring.  Preheat broiler pan for 5 minutes.  Coat pan with
shortening spray.  Place catfish on broiler pan.  Brush with mixture.  Broil 3 inches from heat for 4-6 minutes, basting occasionally until catfish flakes easily. "
1163,Shrimp Fried Rice,,4,,10,10,0,USA Rice Council,Chilled leftover rice finds a new use in fried rice.  It goes great with any stir fry dish.," Heat oil in large skillet or wok over medium-high heat.  Add mushrooms onions and ginger; stir-fry 1 minute.  Push vegetables aside; pour egg into skillet and scramble.  Stir in rice, gently separating grains.  Add shrimp and soy sauce; stir until thoroughly heated. "
1164,Elegant Oysters,,6,,15,15,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,Serve over toast or in patty shells.," Place the oysters and their juice in a large skillet over medium heat.  Cook just until the edges begin to ruffle - do not overcook.  Remove from heat.  Drain oysters, reserving juice.

Melt margarine in medium saucepan, add shallots and mushrooms.  Cook over medium heat until shallots are translucent and mushrooms are softened.  Add the flour.  Stir and cook for about 3 minutes.  Slowly add one cup of oyster liquid and evaporated skim milk, stirring with a wire whisk until smooth.  Cook, stirring, until heated through.

In a bowl, combine the egg yolks, wine, Worcestershire sauce, chives, salt tabasco sauce, and lemon juice.  Beat well and add to oyster mixture.  Stir and heat until piping hot. "
1165,Seafood Jambalaya,,6,,10,34,0,The National Fisheries Institute,A popular dish in the South - made with surimi seafood for those who aren't easily able to get crab.," Heat oil in 3-quart saucepan over medium heat.  Add green pepper, onion, celery and garlic.  Cook, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes or until onion is soft.  Add rice; cook and stir 2 minutes.  Add tomatoes, chicken broth, water, oregano, thyme, cayenne and allspice.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, covered for 20 minutes.  Add the surimi seafood and lemon juice; cook 5 to 7 minutes longer or until rice is tender. "
1167,Spanish Clams and Rice,,6,,15,45,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,An easy to prepare lowfat dish with an ethnic flair.," Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Simmer the onion, garlic, ham, tomatoes and clam broth in a saucepan over medium heat for 20 minutes.  If sauce has evaporated to less than 2 cups, add additional clam juice, wine or water.  Add the saffron.  Meanwhile, scrub the clams.  Place rice in a large ovenproof skillet or casserole dish with lid.  Arrange clams over rice.  Pour sauce over all, cover and bake for 25 minutes, or until rice is cooked and liquid is nearly all absorbed. "
1168,Crunchy Tuna Salad,,4,,15,0,30,Produce for Better Health Foundation and 5 a Day,A new very lowfat twist on tuna salad.," In medium bowl, combine bulgur and water.  Let stand 30 minutes.  Drain well.  Stir yogurt, mint, lemon juice, mustard and green onion into bulgur.  Add tuna, tomato and zucchini or cucumber.  Stir gently to break up tuna and coat with yogurt mixture.  To serve, line small plates with lettuce leaves and top with tuna mixture.

Note:  If fresh mint is unavailable use 2 teaspoons crushed dried mint. "
1169,Chinese Seafood Salad,,4,,20,0,0,The National Fish & Seafood Promotional Council,A colorful easy to make salad with Chinese flavors.," To make dressing:  whisk first 6 ingredients together in a large bowl.  Add lettuce, fish and vegetables.  Toss with dressing.  Top with bean sprouts and serve.

Substitutions:  crab, canned salmon or water-packed tuna, or any cooked, flaked fish. "
1170,Braised Catfish Fillet,,1,,0,20,15,The American Cancer Society,The strong flavors in the sauce meld well with the catfish to produce a tasty dish.," Marinate catfish in white wine and lemon juice for 15 minutes.  Remove fish from marinade and set aside.  In a saute pan, heat oil over medium high heat.  Add tomatoes, green onions, yellow or green bell pepper and garlic.  Saute 3 to 5 minutes, or until vegetables are wilted.  Add tomato juice and bring to a low simmer.  Stirring constantly, add cornstarch and stir until mixture begins to thicken.  In a separate saute pan, place marinated fish fillet and cover with hot sauce.  Return to heat and allow to simmer until fish is tender, approximately 5 to 10 minutes.  Garnish with lemon wedge. "
1171,Fisherman's Cioppino,,4,,10,38,0,The National Fish & Seafood Promotion Council,This soup is a complete meal when served with a green salad and French bread.," In a 4-quart saucepan, saute onion and garlic in oil until tender.  Add tomato sauce, tomatoes, bay leaf, basil, thyme, marjoram, oregano, wine and pepper.  Let simmer 20-30 minutes uncovered, stirring occasionally.  Add squid and simmer about 3 minutes.  Discard bay leaf.  Add parsley and serve.  

Substitutions:  surimi products, shrimp, scallops, any white-fleshed fish. "
1218,Texas Shrimp Slaw,,6,,30,0,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture,," In a large mixing bowl, combine shrimp, cabbage, carrots, and parsley.  To prepare dressing, mix remaining ingredients together in a small container.  Add to salad and mix thoroughly or serve separately.  Serve with fancy crackers. "
1350,Fruit and Green Salad,,2,,10,0,0," The Sugar Association, Inc. ",," In small bowl mix yogurt, lemon juice and sugar.  In salad bowl toss lettuce, orange and apple.  Pour dressing over and top with nuts. "
1173,Shrimp Provencal,,4,,15,10,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,Fennel and orange peel give this dish a definite Provencal flavor.  Serve with cooked rice.," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Core tomatoes; coarsely chop (makes about 3 cups); set aside.  In a large skillet melt butter; add shrimp and garlic; cook and stir until shrimp turn opaque, 3 to 4 minutes.  Using a slotted spoon remove to a plate.  To skillet add reserved tomatoes, basil (if fresh is unavailable use 1 tablespoon crushed dried basil leaves), orange peel, salt, fennel and black pepper; cook and stir until tomatoes are softened, 3 to 5 minutes.  Stir in scallions and shrimp; cook only until hot, about 1 minute. "
1174,Clams Mariniere,,6,,15,10,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,An easy way to fix fresh clams that brings out their natural flavor.  Serve with French bread.,Choose small clams.  Scrub the clams well and place in a large kettle with remaining ingredients.  Place over medium-high heat and steam until the clams open.  Discard any clams that do not open.  Serve clams in shallow bowls with sauce over them.
1175,Grilled Fish with Veracruz Sauce,,4,,10,28,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,," Brush fish with oil and sprinkle with lime juice, including cavity if using whole fish.  Place in a well-oiled grill basket or on oiled aluminum foil with holes poked in it and placed on the grill.  Cook over moderately high heat until thickest part of fish is done.  Meanwhile, make the sauce.  Heat 4 tablespoons oil in a saucepan.  Saute onions and garlic in it until tender, stirring occasionally.  Mix in tomatoes and olives and continue cooking over medium heat 6-8 minutes, or until slightly thickened.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Remove from heat and reserve; reheat when ready to serve. "
1176,Poached Shark,,4,,10,10,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.," Tasty enough to serve as is, or cover with your favorite sauce. "," Place all ingredients except shark in a large skillet.  Cover and bring to a boil.  Let simmer for 5 minutes.  Add shark, bring up to a gentle simmer and cook for 5 minutes, until shark flakes easily and is opaque throughout.  Drain.  Flake shark when cooked enough to handle, removing any tough portions. "
1177,Fish and Vegetables in Foil,,4,,10,15,0,National Fish & Seafood Promotional Council,Serve with rice or pasta for a complete meal.," Rinse fish under cold water.  Pat dry.  Place 4 individual portions of fish on 4 pieces of foil large enough to completely wrap around the fish and vegetables.  Diagonally slice the carrots, green onions and zucchini.  Cut green pepper into strips.  Divide vegetables into 4 individual servings and layer on top of the fish portions.  Pour 1 tablespoon of teriyaki sauce over each portion.  Bring the edges of the foil together, fold them, and crimp the edges together.  Place on a baking sheet and bake at 425 degrees F.  for 11 to 17 minutes per inch thickness of fish until just opaque throughout.  

Use or substitute other vegetables, e.g., cherry tomatoes, whole mushrooms, celery, snow peas, bean sprouts. "
1178,Quick Crawfish Jambalaya,,6,,15,42,0,USA Rice Council," A quicker version of this traditional Cajun dish; much lower in fat, too. "," Melt butter in large skillet.  Add green peppers, celery, and onions; cook over medium heat until tender but not brown.  Stir in remaining ingredients except crawfish.  Bring to a boil.  Stir once or twice; reduce heat, cover and simmer 25 to 30 minutes or until rice is tender.  Mixture should be slightly moist.  Stir in crawfish (2 1/2 cups) and cook until thoroughly heated, about 2 minutes. "
1179,Microwaved Fish with Italian Flair,,4,,10,11,5,The National Fish and Seafood Promotional Council,," Thaw fish if frozen.  Mix tomatoes, oregano, garlic, salt and pepper in a 4 cup mixing bowl.  Microwave uncovered on high 4 to 5 minutes.  Keep warm.  Rinse fillets under cold water.  Pat dry.  Place fillets in shallow microwave baking dish, thicker portion to outside.  Cover with plastic wrap, vented.  Microwave on high 3 to 6 minutes until fish is slightly translucent in the center, turning dish every two minutes.  Allow fish to stand, covered, 3 to 5 minutes to complete cooking.  Drain.  Top fillets with dipping sauce. "
1180,Linguine with Clam Sauce,,4,,15,10,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,," Arrange cooking of linguine and sauce so that both are done at the same time.

Scrub clams well.  Place in a pot with 1/2 inch water and cover.  Steam just until clams open.  Remove clams from pot and reserve broth.  When they are cool, shuck the clams, saving any juice.  Finely chop clams by hand or in food processor.  Strain juice through cheesecloth to remove sand and shell particles.  Set aside.

Heat oil in a medium saucepan and saute garlic and red pepper for 1 minute.  Add clams, liquid (juice and water to equal 1 1/2 cups) and oregano.  Bring to a boil and simmer about 5 minutes until clams are tender and sauce is reduced.  Stir in parsley.  Pour some of the sauce over the linguine and toss.  Serve remaining sauce over pasta.  Sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese.

Note:  18 cherrystone clams may be used in place of the large. "
1181,Basic Poached Fish,,6,,10,15,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,Serve plain or with a sauce of your choice.," Thaw fish if frozen.  Remove skin and bones from fillets.  Cut fish into serving size portions.  Combine water, lemon juice, onion, salt, peppercorns, parsley, and bay leaf in a well-greased frypan and bring to a boil.  Reduce heat.  Place fish in a single layer into hot liquid.  Cover and simmer 8 to 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork.  Carefully remove fish to a hot platter. "
1182,The 'T and T Deluxe',,3,,15,0,0,The Florida Tomato Committee," Garnish with sprigs of watercress or arugula leaves, if desired. "," Use tomato held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Remove core and cut into 1/2-inch cubes (makes about 1 cup).  In a medium bowl combine tuna, green onion, mayonnaise, tarragon, salt, black pepper, and tomato; mix well.  Spread on bread slices. "
1183,Crab Mousse,,20,5 1/2 cups,20,5,180,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,A favorite appetizer.," Thaw crabmeat if frozen and squeeze out any excess liquid.  Place tomato juice in a saucepan and sprinkle gelatin over the top.  Let sit for one minute.  Heat slowly, stirring occasionally, until gelatin is melted (or microwave for 2 1/2 minutes in a bowl).  Remove from heat.  Combine with remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly.  Pour into a well-greased 1 1/2 quart mold.  Cover and refrigerate for several hours, preferably overnight.  Unmold onto a platter and serve with crackers. "
1184,Red Snapper Orlando,,4,,15,15,0,The Florida Tomato Committee,," Use tomatoes held at room temperature until fully ripe.  Core tomatoes; cut into 1/4 inch thick slices (makes about 4 cups); set aside.  Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Season fillets on both sides with salt and black pepper.  In a 13x9x2-inch baking dish place fillets in a single layer skin side down.  In a small bowl combine lime juice, oil, parsley, oregano and garlic; pour over fish.  Turn fish skin side up; arrange reserved tomatoes over fish.  Bake until fillets flake easily with a fork, 12 to 15 minutes.  Sprinkle with additional fresh parsley, if desired.  Serve from baking dish. "
1185,Microwave Trout Amandine,,2,,5,8,7,The National Fisheries Institute,," Pat fish dry and sprinkle with lemon pepper, set aside.  Place 1 teaspoon margarine in 9-inch glass pie plate.  Microwave, uncovered at HIGH 45 seconds or until melted.  Stir in almonds; toss to coat.  Microwave at HIGH 3 minutes or until light golden brown, stirring once.  Let stand five minutes and reserve.  Place remaining 2 teaspoons margarine in microwave-safe (7x11-inch) dish.  Microwave at HIGH for 45 seconds.  Stir in lemon juice.  Coat fish in mixture and arrange in dish.  Tuck under thin edges to make an even thickness.  Cover loosely with waxed paper.  Microwave at HIGH 2 1/2 minutes and allow to stand, covered, for 2 minutes.  Cook just until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork.  Transfer fish to warm plates and sprinkle with toasted almonds.  Garnish with lemon wedges and parsley. "
1186,Fruitful Sole and Nectarines Remoulade,,4,,15,5,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Nectarines and sauce brighten up quick microwaved fish.," Prepare remoulade sauce by mixing together yogurt, capers, green onion, mustard and tarragon.  Roll up sole fillets (cut in 4 pieces) and fasten with wooden picks.  (If fillets are large, cut in half lengthwise before rolling.) Stand on end, turban-fashion, in microwave-safe dish.  Season with pepper and dill weed.  Add water to dish.  Cover and microwave on HIGH power 3 to 4 minutes or until fish is done.  Add nectarine slices to dish and microwave, covered, 1 minute or until hot.  Transfer fish and fruit to serving platter and remove picks.  Serve with remoulade sauce. "
1187,Catfish and Shrimp Soup,,8,,15,85,0,The Catfish Institute,," In large pot, heat oil.  Saute onion and garlic until onions are transparent.  Add tomatoes, tomato paste and bay leaf.  Cover and simmer 25 minutes.  Add water, wine and clam juice.  Simmer uncovered 45 minutes.  Add shrimp, catfish, salt and pepper.  Cook 10 minutes, or until catfish flakes easily.  Remove bay leaf.  Garnish each serving with chopped coriander and lemon slices. "
1188,Baked Fish,,2,,10,25,0,The National Marine Fisheries Service,An easy sauce for easy to cook fish.," Grease pan with oil.  Place fish in a single layer in well-greased baking pan, 8x8x2 inches.  Combine remaining ingredients except parsley.  Pour sauce over fish.  Bake in a moderate oven, 350 F.  for 20 to 25 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork.  Sprinkle with parsley. "
1189,Clam Chowder,,6,,20,70,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.," Neither New England nor Manhattan, this is a delicious lowfat clam chowder. "," Scrub clams well.  Place in a pot with 1/2 inch water.  Place over medium heat and steam just until clams open.  Remove from heat.  When clams are cool enough to handle, shuck, being careful to save liquid.  Finely chop meats by hand or in a food processor.  Strain liquid and set aside.

Fry bacon in a large pot until almost crisp.  Pour off most of the grease.  Add potatoes, onions, carrots, green pepper and water to the pot; bring to a boil.  Reduce heat, cover and simmer 30 minutes.  Add clams and clam liquid, simmer 15 minutes more.  If additional liquid is needed, add bottled clam juice or water.  Add salt and pepper to taste. "
1190,Salmon Yakatori with Peaches,,4,,10,20,180,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,," Cut salmon into 16 large cubes.  Alternate salmon, peach, zucchini and onion on 8 long metal skewers.  Place in shallow baking pan in single layer.  Combine the water, soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, cornstarch and ginger root in saucepan.  Cook over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a boil and is thickened.  Pour over skewers to cover.  Save sauce.  Marinate in refrigerator 2 to 3 hours.

Grill 4 to 5 inches above hot coals, turning once, 5 to 6 minutes per side.
Brush with remaining sauce while cooking.  (Do not use sauce for dipping). "
1191,Basil Baked Cod Fillets,,2,,15,15,0,The National Fisheries Institute,," Use firm white fish such as cod, haddock, lingcod or orange roughy fillet.  

Pat fish dry and cut into 2 serving pieces.  Combine oil and lemon juice in a baking dish.  Add fish and turn to coat both sides.  Sprinkle with basil, pepper and salt.  Overlap tomato slices in even layer on fish and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.  Cover with foil and bake at 400 degrees F.  about 10 to 15 minutes or until fish begins to flake when tested with a fork. "
1192,Green and Gold Fettuccine,with Salmon or Tuna,6,,15,20,0,The National Fisheries Institute,," Break salmon or tuna into large chunks; remove skin, if desired.  Heat olive oil in large skillet.  Saute garlic until golden.  Add parsley, oregano, basil and black pepper; saute 30 seconds.  Pour half of herb sauce over fettucine; toss.  Arrange on large heated platter and keep warm.  Add salmon and/or tuna with lemon juice to remaining sauce.  Heat, stirring gently, just until seafood is hot.  Spoon over fettucine.  Garnish with either carrot or broccoli, if desired.  Serve with grated Parmesan cheese.  

Note:  Instead of 1/2 teaspoon dried herbs use 2 teaspoons fresh. "
1211,Sweet-and-Sour Sauce,,5,1 1/4 cups,10,10,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture,A tasty sauce for topping any kind of fish or seafood.," In saucepan, combine honey and cornstarch.  Stir in vinegar, chicken broth, bell pepper, pimiento, soy sauce, garlic powder and ginger.  Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly.  Serve hot with fish. "
1392,Honey Dressing,,4,1/2 cup,5,0,0,Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute,Delicious for a summer seafood-and-fruit salad.,Combine ingredients.
1399,Oriental Ginger-Nut Dressing,Oriental Ginger-Walnut Dressing,6,3/4 cup,10,0,0,Sun-Diamond Growers of California,A wonderful dressing for mixed greens or chicken salad.," Combine all ingredients; mix well before serving.

Note:  Diamond Walnut Oil with Garlic may be substituted for the Diamond walnut oil. "
1423,-Quinoa-,,8,4 cups,2,15,0,,," Bring the 2 cups of liquid to a boil.  Add 1 cup quinoa and stir once with a fork.  Cover, reduce heat to low, and cook for about 15 minutes or until grains are translucent and the germ has spiraled out from each grain. "
1193,Microwaved Oriental Swordfish Steaks,,4,,45,5,3,The National Fisheries Institute,Orange and water chestnuts add crunch and color to a tasty Oriental microwaved dish.," In a large shallow microwave dish, place fish steaks with thickest areas to the outside of the dish.  Combine the remaining ingredients, except water chestnuts and orange, and pour over fish.  Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes, turning once.  Top steaks with water chestnuts.  Re-cover dish with plastic wrap turning back one corner to vent.  Microwave on HIGH power (100%) 4 to 5 minutes, rotating dish 1/4 turn after 2 minutes.  When rotating dish, top steaks with orange sections, re-cover and return to oven.  Let stand covered for 2 to 3 minutes. "
1194,Sweet-Sour Shrimp,,4,,15,5,0,The Cherry Marketing Institute,This easy to make sauce changes cooked plain shrimp into something special.," Drain shrimp well.  In a 2-quart microwave-safe bowl, combine cherry pie filling, vinegar, brown sugar and ginger.  Mix well.  Stir in green pepper, water chestnuts and shrimp.  Mix just to combine.  Cover bowl with waxed paper.  Microwave on HIGH (100% power) 4 to 5 minutes (stirring 2 or 3 times), or until hot.
Serve over rice. "
1195,Molded Crabmeat Mousse,,3,,15,5,180,The American Egg Board,," In small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over water.  Cook over medium heat stirring occasionally, until gelatin is dissolved.  Pour into blender container.  Add remaining ingredients except onion fans.  Cover and blend at medium speed until smooth.  Pour into 3-cup mold.  Cover and chill until firm, several hours or overnight.  Garnish with onion fans, if desired. "
1196,Cracked Wheat and Seafood Casserole,,3,,15,16,35," National Fisheries Institute, Inc. ",," Taboulleh salad mix may be substituted for bulgur.  In a 2-quart baking
dish, microwave butter (or margarine) on HIGH 1 minute, or until melted.  Stir in onion, fresh mushrooms and garlic.  Cover and microwave on HIGH 5 minutes, or until vegetables are softened.  Add chicken stock and microwave, uncovered, on HIGH 5 to 8 minutes, or until boiling.  Stir in bulgur or taboulleh mix, wild mushrooms and thyme; cover and let stand at room temperature 30 minutes.  Stir in surimi seafood, season to taste.  Cover and microwave on HIGH 2 minutes, or until hot throughout.  Let stand 5 minutes before serving.  Pass sour cream or yogurt separately, if desired, for spooning over this casserole. "
1197,Wisconsin Berry Celebration Shrimp Salad,,4,,15,7,120,Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,A colorful salad best prepared in the spring when strawberries and asparagus are at their best.," Bring 1 1/2 quarts water to a boil in Dutch oven, add shrimp and cook 3 to 4 minutes.  (Do not boil.) Drain, rinse with cold water.  Chill, peel, devein shrimp.  Cover and chill.

Snap off tough ends of asparagus and remove scales with knife or vegetable peeler, if desired.  Place asparagus in vegetable steamer over boiling water.  Cover and cook 3 minutes or until crisp-tender.  Drain, cover and chill.  Gently rinse berries; drain and set aside.  Remove caps from strawberries.  20 asparagus spears equals about 3/4 pound.

Arrange watercress, Boston lettuce, Belgian endive on 4 plates.  Divide shrimp, asparagus and fruit, arrange on salad greens.  Serve with RASPBERRY VINAIGRETTE dressing. "
1198,Soy Barbecued Shrimp,,4,,15,8,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,A tasty barbecued dish that is best served with lots of vegetables and rice to keep the sodium content at a reasonable level.," Thaw shrimp if frozen.  Shell and devein shrimp, leaving tails on.  Arrange shrimp in shallow 1 1/2 quart dish.  In small bowl, mash garlic with salt.
Stir in remaining ingredients.  Pour marinade over shrimp and thread shrimp on skewers.  Grill 3 minutes, basting with marinade.  Turn.  Grill 5 minutes more, basting several times. "
1199,Catfish and Wild Rice Soup,,6,,15,95,0,The Catfish Institute,This creamy soup is hearty enough to serve as an entree.," Place rice in a colander and rinse under running water; drain.  In a medium saucepan bring water and salt to boil; add rice.  Return to boil; reduce heat.  Cover and simmer for 45-55 minutes or until rice is tender.  Drain.  

Meanwhile, in a large kettle or Dutch oven cook onion, celery and garlic in butter or margarine until tender.  Stir in flour.  Add chicken broth, salt, curry powder and pepper.  Bring to boil.  Add catfish.  Return to boil;
reduce heat.  Cover and simmer for 15 minutes or until fish flakes easily.
Stir in cooked wild rice, light cream or milk, sherry (if desired) and ground red pepper.  Heat through.  Garnish each serving with a slice of lemon and parsley sprig.

Note:  To lower the sodium content use low sodium chicken broth. "
1200,Halibut in Tarragon,,4,,10,12,0,The National Fish & Seafood Promotional Council,A creamy sauce covers the fish to produce delicious results.  Serve with a bright green or yellow vegetable and rice pilaf.," Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  Place halibut in 8x8-inch baking pan.  Combine all other ingredients and spread over halibut.  Bake for about 10 minutes per inch thickness of fish.  Fish is done when flesh turns just opaque throughout.  

Substitutions:  fish fillets or steaks of choice. "
1201,Fish and Tomato Zucchini Saffron Coulis,,4,,15,35,0,The National Fish & Seafood Promotional Council,The red sauce brightens up the taste and flavor of the steamed fish.," Sauce:                
Place tomatoes into 3 quart heavy bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat.  Cook at a simmer until juice evaporates and fiber breaks down, about 20 minutes.  Add saffron.  Blend thoroughly.  Add zucchini.  Cook 1 minute.  Season to taste.  Remove from heat.  Stir in cheese.  Yields about 4 cups.  Can be made ahead of time and refrigerated or frozen.  Use 1/4 to 1/2 cup of sauce per serving.

Fish:               
Rinse fish under cold water.  Bring water, lemon juice, and onions to a boil in steaming vessel of choice.  Reduce heat to simmer.  Steam fish for 6 to 12 minutes per inch thickness until just opaque throughout.  Serve immediately topped with coulis. "
1202,Shark Kabobs,,4,,75,10,0,The National Fisheries Institute,," Drain pineapple, reserving juice.  For marinade, combine pineapple juice and remaining ingredients, except fish, green pepper and pineapple.  Place shark cubes, pineapple and green pepper alternately on 4 skewers.  Place skewers on a shallow baking pan, and broil about 4 to 6 inches from heat source for 4 to 5 minutes.  Turn skewers, brush with marinade.  Broil 4 to 5 minutes longer or until fish just begins to flake when tested with a fork. "
1207,Soy-Mustard Vinegar Dipping Sauce,,4,,10,0,0,National Fish & Seafood Promotion Council,Delicious with steamed fish but not advised for those watching their sodium intake.,Thoroughly blend the above ingredients to dissolve the sugar.  Serve as a dipping sauce for STEAMED FISH.
1390,Dill-Parsley Dressing,,4,1 cup,5,0,0,Almond Board of California,,Mix ingredients well.
1424,-Cooked Wheat Berries-,,6,2 3/4 cups,3,60,0,,," Bring 2 cups of liquid to a boil.  Add 1 cup wheat berries, stirring once.  Cover, reduce heat to simmer and cook for 40 to 60 minutes.

Cracked Wheat Berries:  Cook 1 cup raw cracked wheat berries in 2 cups liquid for 30 to 40 minutes.  Makes 2 2/3 cups. "
1203,Mushroom Baked Sole,,6,,15,30,0,The American Mushroom Institute,The mushroom sauce jazzes up this fish.," Saute onion, parsley and mushrooms in 1 teaspoon of margarine, stirring
constantly until onion is soft.  Place half the fillets in a greased baking dish.  Sprinkle lightly with pepper and spread sauteed mixture evenly over fish.  Top with remaining fillets, season with pepper, pour wine over all.  Bake at 350 degrees F.  uncovered, for 15 minutes.  Remove from oven and drain, reserving the pan liquid.  In a small saucepan, combine flour and milk.  Add the reserved pan liquid and cook, stirring constantly until thickened.  Pour over fish and bake 5 minutes longer.  Sprinkle with paprika and parsley. "
1204,Broiled Baby Snapper,,1,,10,25,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture," Serve each person their own fish for dinner, with couscous and green beans and almonds to round out the meal. "," Leave head on snapper.  Make five slits, starting past the head and going all the way to the tail on each side of snapper.  Mix pepper and garlic powder and sprinkle on snapper.  Pour cold water in a broiling dish big enough to accommodate snapper.  Cover head and tail with small pieces of aluminum foil to prevent burning.  Pour melted butter over snapper and place in preheated broiler.  Baste every 8-10 minutes.  Snapper should be ready in about 25 minutes.  Pour lemon juice over snapper just prior to taking out of broiler. "
1205,Deviled Crab,,6,,15,12,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,A delicious and rich first course or appetizer for guests or the family.,Combine all ingredients except crab in a medium bowl.  Mix well.  Gently stir in crab meat.  Place in small casserole dish or individual baking shells and sprinkle with paprika.  Bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees F.  for 10-12 minutes or until lightly browned.
1206,Surimi Seafood Pilaf,with Artichoke Hearts,4,6 cups,15,45,0," National Fisheries Institute, Inc. ",," If using marinated artichoke hearts, trim tough inner choke and halve any large hearts.  Surimi Seafood may be lobster- or crab-flavored.  

Cook rice according to package directions.  While rice is cooking, cook green beans, drain and set aside.  Drain artichoke bottoms, quarter them and reserve marinade.  Spoon a tablespoon of oil from marinade into a skillet.  Heat oil on medium heat, add onion and saute until softened, about 5 minutes, stirring.  Remove from heat and stir in reserved marinade, sherry, orange juice concentrate, basil and black pepper.  Place warm rice into a large bowl.  Add Surimi Seafood, tomatoes, green beans and jalapeno peppers.  With a rubber spatula, scrape onion mixture on top.  Gently toss and serve warm. "
1208,Long Island Fisherman Stew,,12,,25,35,0,New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,," Cut fish into 1-inch cubes.  In a large saucepan melt margarine.  Add onion and garlic and cook until vegetables are tender.  Add tomatoes, water, basil, thyme, red pepper, salt pumpkin and corn.  Cover and bring to a boil; simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until pumpkin and corn are done.  Add fish and continue to cook for 5 to 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. "
1209,Saffron Crawfish Risotto,,6,,15,40,0,USA Rice Council,A classic Italian rice dish with the Southern addition of crawfish.," Cook onions in butter in large skillet over medium-high heat until soft.  Add rice and saffron; stir 2 to 3 minutes.  Add wine; stir until absorbed.  Stir in 1 cup broth; cook, uncovered, stirring frequently, until broth is absorbed.  Continue stirring and adding remaining 1 cup broth and 3 cups water, allowing each to be absorbed before adding another, until rice is tender and mixture has a creamy consistency.  It will take approximately 25 to 30 minutes.  Stir in remaining ingredients and cook until thoroughly heated, about 2 minutes.

If crawfish is unavailable, substitute deveined medium shrimp. "
1210,Baked Sole Pacifica,,4,,10,20,0,The Canned Fruit Promotion Service,," Drain peaches, reserving all liquid.  Place fish on broiler pan.  Brush both sides of fillets with peach liquid and sprinkle with dill weed.  Broil 10 minutes, 4 inches from heat, or until fish flakes easily with fork.  Turn halfway through cooking.  In 10-inch skillet saute onions in olive oil until tender-crisp.  Stir in zucchini and saute 2 minutes.  Add red peppers and peach slices.  Cook until heated through.  Stir in herb pepper seasoning.  To serve, place vegetable-peach mixture onto serving plate and top with fish.  Serve with lemon wedges. "
1212,Grilled Halibut,with Zinfandel Sauce,4,,15,25,0,The California Tree Fruit Agreement,Serve with brown or wild rice blend and steamed snow peas.," Cut fish into 4 equal pieces.
For sauce:  in medium saucepan, over medium heat, melt butter or margarine.  Add mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until liquid evaporates, about 8 minutes.  Add wine, nectarines and onions and cook until nectarines are slightly soft.  Combine cornstarch and water; whisk into sauce, stirring constantly until slightly thickened.  Set on side of barbecue to keep warm, if desired.

Cook halibut in oiled barbecue basket on uncovered grill over medium direct heat 5 minutes on each side or until fish flakes easily with fork.
Place on plates and spoon sauce over halibut; garnish with chives, if
desired. "
1214,Broiled Scallops,with Honey-Lime Marinade,2,,10,7,60,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,A delicious simple way to prepare scallops.," Combine honey, oil, lime juice, lime peel, hot pepper sauce and salt.  Pat scallops dry with paper towel and add to marinade.  Marinate, stirring occasionally, up to 1 hour or cover and refrigerate, stirring occasionally, up to 24 hours.  Preheat broiler.  Arrange scallops and marinade in a single layer in 2 individual broiler-proof dishes or in scallop shells.  Broil 4 inches from source of heat 4-7 minutes, depending on size of scallops, or until opaque throughout and lightly browned.  Serve with lime wedges and, if desired, hot crusty French bread to soak up the juices.  Can be doubled, tripled or halved. "
1215,Mussels with Linguine,,8,,20,60,0,The National Fisheries Institute,A tasty dish that shows off fresh mussels.," In a large kettle, saute onion and garlic in oil.  Add tomatoes, tomato paste, lemon, oregano, basil and black and red pepper.  Cover and simmer over low heat for 25 minutes.  Add red wine and simmer uncovered 15 to 20 minutes until sauce thickens.  Add mussels, cover and cook over medium-high heat 5 to 10 minutes until the mussels open, stirring occasionally.  Serve mussels and sauce over linguine. "
1394,Sweet and Sour Dressing,,6,,5,0,0,Sun-Diamond Growers of California,Delicious for spinach salads!,Combine ingredients; blend well.
1216,Mesquite Grilled Shrimp,and Orange-Honey Sauce,4,,20,7,0,The Texas Department of Agriculture,Grilled shrimp are made even better with the tasty sauce.," Leave shell on shrimp and cut lengthwise to tail through the shell between the legs.  Clean out vein.  Spread shell side on grill.  Cook over low to medium coals on charcoal or mesquite grill until meat is white, about 3-5 minutes (7-9 minutes for larger shrimp).  Sprinkle with a little lemon-pepper seasoning.  Baste with orange-honey sauce while grilling, or serve sauce in cups and let everyone dip their own.  Serve shrimp on platter around a mound of wild rice.  Garnish with lemon and orange slices and parsley.

For orange-honey sauce:  Blend mustard, orange juice and Worcestershire sauce well.  Makes sauce for one pound of shrimp. "
1217,Catfish Pasta Primavera,,4,,20,30,0,The Catfish Institute,An all in one dish that calls for some bread and a salad to complete the meal.," Drain and coarsely chop sundried tomatoes, if using.  Cook fettuccine according to package directions; drain.  Meanwhile, in a large skillet cook red pepper, yellow pepper, green pepper, pea pods, onions, and shallots in butter or margarine until peppers are just crisp-tender.  Remove vegetables from skillet.  Add chicken broth, salt and pepper to skillet.  Bring to boil.  Add catfish.  Return to boil; reduce heat.  Simmer, uncovered, about 3 minutes or until catfish flakes easily, stirring occasionally.  Add sundried tomatoes.  if desired.  Return vegetables to skillet, tossing gently to coat.  

Place cooked fettuccine in a large serving bowl.  Add catfish mixture, tossing to coat.  Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and dill.  Stir gently to mix.  Serve with fresh Parmesan cheese and pepper. "
1219,Crab Linguine,,6,,10,35,0,South Carolina Wildlife and Marine Resources Dept.,This creamy sauce tastes better than the high fat version.," Combine chicken broth and wine in a skillet.  Boil until reduced to 1/3
cup.  Remove from heat.  Slowly whisk in half & half and skim milk, stirring constantly until blended.  Return to heat and simmer until mixture is reduced to 1 1/3 cups.  Meanwhile, combine two teaspoons softened butter with flour.  Slowly whisk into cream mixture.  Continue stirring until sauce is thickened.  (If lumps form, strain sauce through a sieve into a clean saucepan or skillet.) Add crab, parsley, green onion, salt and lemon juice.  Reduce heat and cook until crab is heated through.  Meanwhile, cook pasta according to package directions.  Toss with remaining tablespoon of butter and Parmesan.  Pour sauce over pasta and toss until coated. "
1220,Grilled Tuna Steaks,with Mango Basil Relish,4,,20,12,0,The National Fish & Seafood Promotional Council,," Mix first 5 ingredients for the relish.  Set aside.  Rinse tuna under cold water, pat dry, season, and brush lightly with vegetable oil.  Over a medium-hot fire, grill tuna 3 to 6 minutes per side, turning once, until just opaque throughout.  Remove tuna from grill and serve each portion accompanied by several tablespoons of the relish.
Alternatives for tuna:  any firm-fleshed ocean or freshwater fish. "
1344,Herbs and Orange Grilled Chicken,Herbs and Orange Grilled Chicken,4,,15,40,0,The National Broiler Council," Cooking chicken on the grill is a leisurely process, to be savored and enjoyed.  However, on days when there's no time to spare, grilling time can be shortened by partially cooking the chicken in the microwave before placing it on the grill. "," In small bowl, mix together garlic, orange peel, salt, thyme, rosemary and pepper.  Slip fingers between skin and flesh of chicken, leaving skin attached.  Spread 1/4 of herb mixture under skin of each chicken quarter, pulling skin back over spices.  Mix together orange juice, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce.  Place chicken on prepared grill, skin side up, about 8 inches from heat.  Cook, turning and basting with orange juice mixture every 5 minutes, about 40 minutes or until fork can be inserted in chicken with ease. "
1345,Easy Whole Salmon,(Dinner Party Bake or Barbecue),18,,30,30,0,Oregon Salmon Commission,," Cut salmon down backbone and lay open.  Place skin down on heavy-duty tin foil.  Set aside.  In large fry pan, melt butter.  Add remaining ingredients and saute lightly.  Pour mixture over salmon.  Enclose the salmon in heavy-duty foil.  Bake at 425 degrees F.  for 15 minutes.  Reduce oven temperature to low and allow fish to steep in its own juices for 10 to 15 minutes.  When done, salmon will flake easily with a fork.  

To barbecue, cook over hot coals for 25 to 30 minutes.  

For microwave, use smaller roast, fillet or steaks, put in glass pan, cover with saute and adjust cooking time.  

To serve:  remove saute for garnish, lift out backbone and ribs, place salmon and foil on platter. "
1346,Grilled Whole Salmon,,6,,20,20,0,Oregon Salmon Commission,," Scale and eviscerate (disembowel) salmon; remove gills.  Cut off pectoral and pelvic fins and trim tail.  Rinse salmon with cold water; pat dry with paper towels.  Make three shallow diagonal slashes into each side of salmon.  Combine salt, pepper, marjoram, savory and thyme, crushing herbs slightly.  Rub mixture into belly cavity and on skin; taking care to rub into slashes.  Fill belly cavity with lemon, green onion and parsley; skewer closed.  Baste salmon with vegetable oil.  Place in well-greased hinged wire basket and cook 4-5 inches from hot coals.  Allow 10 minutes per inch of salmon measured at its thickest point.  Baste and turn midway through cooking time.  When salmon is browned, test for doneness.  Ease onto serving platter.  Serve plain or with favorite sauce.

Note:  Use equal amounts of dried marjoram, savory and thyme. "
1347,Iceberg Salad Athena,,6,,20,0,0,California Iceberg Lettuce Commission,," Core, rinse and thoroughly drain lettuce; refrigerate in disposable plastic bag or plastic crisper.  Cut tomato in small wedges; slice celery and cube cheese.  Line chilled salad bowl with a few crisp lettuce leaves.  Cut remainder of lettuce in bite-size chunks.  Toss lightly with tomato, celery, cheese, olives and Lemon Oregano Dressing (recipe follows).  Pile into salad bowl for serving.

Lemon Oregano Dressing:  Mix last 5 ingredients in a small jar.  Cover and shake well.  Makes about 1/2 cup dressing. "
1348,Kahlua Chocolate Cheesecake,Kahlua Fantasy Chocolate Cheesecake,14,,40,40,60,Kahlua,," Prepare Chocolate Crumb Crust (directions follow).  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  In small saucepan, over medium heat, melt chocolate bits with Kahlua and butter; stir until smooth.  Set aside.  In bowl, combine eggs, sugar and salt.  Add sour cream; blend well.  Add cream cheese to egg mixture; beat until smooth.  Gradually blend in chocolate mixture.  Turn into prepared crust.  Bake 40 minutes or until filling is barely set in center.  Remove from oven and let stand at room temperature 1 hour.  Then refrigerate several hours or overnight.  Garnish, if desired, with whipped cream and chocolate leaves.

Chocolate Crumb Crust:  Combine chocolate wafer crumbs, butter and sugar.  Press firmly in bottom of 9 inch springform pan. "
1349,Double Chocolate Mousse,,12,,90,0,480,Hershey Foods Corporation,," Break chocolate bars and baking chocolate into pieces.  Melt with water and rum in top of double boiler over hot, not boiling, water; stir until mixture is smooth.  Remove from heat; blend in egg yolks.  Add butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring until blended; cool slightly.  Whip cream until stiff; carefully fold into chocolate mixture.  Chill 1 hour or until mixture begins to set.

Meanwhile, line bottom and side of 8- or 9-inch springform pan with ladyfingers, rounded sides against pan.  Beat egg whites until stiff but not dry.  Carefully fold into chocolate mixture.  Pour into ladyfinger-lined pan and chill 8 hours or overnight.  Just before serving, remove side of pan.  Sprinkle with chopped almonds; garnish as desired. "
1353,Pineapple-Mushroom Salad,,8,,255,10,0,Monterey Mushrooms,A nice dinner salad.," Combine first 4 ingredients in medium-size saucepan.  Stir in pineapple, catsup and water.  Cook and stir over medium heat until boiling and clear.  Chill, covered, several hours or overnight.  (Dressing will thicken.)
About 1 hour before serving, combine mushrooms and pineapple mixture.  Refrigerate.  To serve, divide among 8 lettuce-lined salad plates.  Top each with 1 tablespoon almonds. "
1354,Creamy Mushroom Salad,,6,,20,0,120,Monterey Mushrooms," Low in calories, high in flavor. "," Combine sour cream, onion and seasonings.  Stir in milk until well blended.  Cover and chill at least 2 hours.  Divide lettuce among 6 chilled salad plates.  Toss mushrooms with lemon juice.  Place on lettuce.  Top with chilled sour cream dressing.  Garnish with capers if desired. "
1356,Avocado Raspberry Spice Salad,,4,,30,0,0," Lawry's Foods, Inc. ",This salad is easy to prepare and elegant enough for entertaining.  Serve with a light French bread or croissants.," In container with stopper or lid, combine raspberry jam, oil, vinegar, Lemon Pepper Seasoning and Seasoned Salt; blend well.  On 4 individual serving plates, arrange napa and red cabbage.  Decoratively arrange tomatoes, avocado and cucumber on top.  Sprinkle with green onion.  Drizzle dressing over each serving. "
1359,Freeze and Bake Pie Crust,,8,,30,0,0," General Mills, Inc. ",Keep frozen for busy days.," Prepare Pastry (recipe follows).  Divide into 4 parts.  Roll each 2 inches larger than inverted pie plate, 8 or 9 x 1 1/4 inches.

Stack circles, placing waxed paper between each, on cookie sheet.  Freeze uncovered 1 hour.  Wrap stack in aluminum foil; label and return to freezer.  Freeze on flat surface up to 2 months.  Makes 4 pastry circles.

Pastry:  Cut shortening into flour and salt until particles are size of small peas.  Sprinkle in water, 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing with fork until all flour is moistened (1 to 2 teaspoons water can be added).  Gather pastry into ball; shape into flattened round on lightly floured cloth-covered board.

*If using self-rising flour, omit salt.

Note:  Unbleached flour can be used in this recipe.

For two-crust pie:  Remove 2 circles from freezer; place one on pie plate and one on flat surface.  Thaw uncovered until soft, about 20 minutes.  Gently ease pastry into plate.  Trim overhanging edge of pastry 1/2 inch from rim.  Pour in filling.  Fold other circle into fourths; cut slits.  Place over filling and unfold.  Trim overhanging edge of pastry 1 inch from rim.  Fold and roll top edge under lower edge, pressing on rim to seal; flute.  Bake as directed.

Freeze and Bake Pie Shells:  After rolling each part pastry into circle, gently ease pastry into pie plate.  Trim overhanging edge of pastry 1 inch from rim of plate.  Fold and roll pastry under, even with plate; flute.  Carefully wrap pastry; freeze up to 2 months.  Prepare Baked Pie Shell or One-crust Baked Pie as directed except do not thaw.

High Altitude Directions (3500 to 6500 feet):  For all-purpose or unbleached flour, no adjustments are necessary.  For self-rising flour:  not recommended for use. "
1360,French Apple Pie,,8,1 pie,30,45,30," General Mills, Inc. ",," Prepare crust.  Heat oven to 425 degrees F.  Mix apples, granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons flour and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon.  Turn into crust.  Mix 1/2 cup flour, the brown sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; cut in margarine until crumbly.  Sprinkle over apples.  Cover edge with aluminum foil.  Bake 15 minutes.  Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.  Bake until apples are tender, 25 to 35 minutes.  Cool slightly.  Cover and refrigerate any remaining pie.

Note:  Unbleached or self-rising flour can be used in this recipe.

High Altitude Directions (3500 to 6500 feet):  Use 5 cups thinly sliced apples.  Increase second bake time to 40 to 50 minutes.

Microwave Directions:  Prepare crust, except omit baking soda.  Use microwaveable pie plate.  Microwave on inverted plate on high (100%) until crust no longer appears wet, 4 minutes.  Turn apple mixture into crust; sprinkle with crumbly mixture.  Microwave 10 to 12 minutes.  Cool on flat, heatproof surface (not on wire rack). "
1361,Pat-In-The-Pan Nut Cookie Crust,,8,,15,0,0," General Mills, Inc. ",No rolling necessary.," Mix margarine and brown sugar.  Stir in remaining ingredients until crumbly.  Press against bottom and side of pie plate, 9 x 1-1/4 inches, building up 1/2-inch edge.

*If using self-rising flour, omit salt and baking soda.  Also, whole wheat flour or unbleached flour may be used in place of the all-purpose flour.

High Altitude Directions (3500 to 6500 feet):  Lightly grease pie plate. "
1400,Creamy Dressing,,6,,5,0,0,California Dry Bean Advisory Board,A tasty dressing for cabbage salads.,Combine ingredients; mix well.
1372,Chocolate Snack Cake,Mix-In-The-Pan Chocolate Snack Cake,6,1 cake,10,45,0,General Mills,No bowl or beaters.," Heat oven to 350 degrees F.  Mix flour, brown sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt with fork in ungreased square pan, 8 x 8 x 2 inches.  Mix in remaining ingredients.  Bake until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes.  Dust with powdered sugar if desired.

*If using self-rising flour, omit baking soda, salt and vinegar.  Substitute hot water for the water.  Mix flour and water; let stand 10 minutes.  Mix in brown sugar, cocoa, oil and vanilla.  For all variations (below), stir in additional ingredients with the brown sugar.  Bake 40 to 45 minutes.  Applesauce Snack Cake is not recommended for use with self-rising flour.

Notes:  Unbleached flour can be used in this recipe.  Cake can be mixed in bowl if desired.

Applesauce:  Omit cocoa and vanilla.  Mix 1 1/2 teaspoons ground allspice into flour mixture.  Decrease water to 1/2 cup and stir in 1/2 cup applesauce.

Double Chocolate:  Sprinkle 1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips over batter in pan.

Oatmeal-Molasses:  Omit cocoa and vanilla.  Mix 3/4 cup quick-cooking oats, 1/2 cups raisins and 1 teaspoon ground allspice into flour mixture.  Mix in 2 tablespoons dark molasses with the water.

High Altitude Directions (3500 to 6500 feet):  Heat oven to 375 degrees F.  Decrease brown sugar to 3/4 cup and baking soda to 3/4 teaspoon.  Bake 37 to 42 minutes.

Microwave Directions:  Pour batter into round microwavable dish, 8 x 1 1/2 inches.  Microwave on inverted microwavable pie plate, 9 x 1 1/4 inches, on medium (50%), rotating dish 1/4 turn every 5 minutes, until top springs back when touched lightly, 15 to 17 minutes.  (Center top may appear moist but will continue to cook while standing.) Let stand on flat heatproof surface (not on wire rack) until cool. "
1375,Marinated Flank Steak,,8,,250,10,0,Tabasco Company,," In medium bowl combine oil, lemon juice, parsley, onion, marjoram, thyme, salt, garlic and Tabasco sauce; mix well.  Place flank steak in large shallow dish or plastic bag; add marinade.  Cover; refrigerate at least 4 hours; turn steak occasionally.

Cream butter with chives and blue cheese.  Remove steak from marinade.  Place steak on grill 2 to 3 inches from source of heat.  Brush with marinade.  Grill 5 minutes on each side or until desired doneness.  Spread with butter mixture; slice diagonally. "
1376,Onion-Beer Tri-Tip Roast,,4,,380,35,20,Beef Industry Council," This roast, with its distinctive triangular shape, is ideal for a family gathering.  When cooked to rare in the center, the thinner outside edges are medium to well, offering perfectly-cooked beef for every taste. "," Cook onions in butter in small saucepan over medium-low heat until tender, about 10 minutes.  Stir in salt.  Add beer and simmer 5 minutes.  Remove from heat; cool thoroughly.  Place beef tri-tip roasts in large plastic bag; add cooled marinade, turning to coat.  Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 6 to 8 hours (or overnight, if desired), turning occasionally.  Remove roasts from marinade; reserve marinade.  Place roasts on grid over medium coals.  Grill 30 to 35 minutes, turning and brushing frequently with reserved marinade.  Roasts will be rare to medium in doneness.  Remove roasts from grill; tent with aluminum foil and allow to stand 15 to 20 minutes before carving.  Carve across the grain into thin slices.  Season with salt and pepper, to taste.

Note:  Use 2 roasts, 2 pounds each.

Note:  The beef tri-tip roasts may also be cooked in covered cooker (direct method).  Decrease cooking time to 25 to 30 minutes.  Turn once; brush with marinade before turning.

Recipe may also be prepared using a beef top round steak cut 1 1/2 inches thick. "
1377,Beef Kabobs Au Poivre,,4,,45,10,0,Beef Industry Council,," Trim steak well.  Cut beef top sirloin steak into 1-inch cubes.  Combine wine, oil, mustard, vinegar, garlic and sugar.  Place beef cubes in plastic bag; add marinade, turning to coat.  Close bag securely and marinate 30 minutes.  Pour off marinade.  Sprinkle pepper over steak cubes, pressing gently into surface of meat.  Thread an equal number of steak cubes onto each of four 9-inch skewers.  Place kabobs on rack in broiler pan so surface of meat is 3 to 4 inches from the heat.  Broil 10 to 13 minutes to doneness desired (rare or medium), turning occasionally. "
1381,Herb-Marinated Beef Steak,,4,,370,18,0,Beef Industry Council,," Combine onion, parsley, vinegar, oil, mustard, garlic and thyme.  Place beef chuck shoulder steak in plastic bag; add marinade, spreading evenly over both sides.  Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 6 to 8 hours (or overnight, if desired), turning at least once.  Pour off marinade; discard.  Place steak on rack in broiler pan so surface of meat is 3 to 4 inches from heat.  Broil 16 to 18 minutes to doneness desired (rare to medium-rare), turning once.  Carve steak into thin slices to serve. "
1382,Peppercorn Beef Kabobs,,4,,15,12,0,Beef Industry Council,Prepare a garden-fresh salad of crisp greens while these peppered sirloin and onion kabobs are broiling.," Trim steak well.  Cut beef steak into 1 1/4-inch pieces.  Combine peppercorns, 1/2 teaspoon salt, paprika and garlic in shallow dish.  Add beef pieces; toss to coat with peppercorn mixture.  Thread an equal number of beef pieces onto each of four 12-inch skewers* along with two onion wedges.  Place kabobs on rack in broiler pan so surface of meat is 3 to 4 inches from heat.** Broil 10 to 13 minutes to desired doneness (rare to medium), turning occasionally.

*Soak bamboo skewers in water for about 10 minutes to prevent charring or breaking.

**Beef kabobs may also be grilled.  Place skewers on grid 4 to 5 inches above medium coals.  Grill 13 to 17 minutes to desired doneness (rare to medium), turning occasionally. "
1383,Caribbean Style Steak,,4,,367,20,0,Beef Industry Council,," Combine steak sauce, sugar and lime juice; reserve 2 tablespoons marinade.  Place beef steaks in plastic bag, add remaining marinade, turning to coat.  Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 6 to 8 hours (or overnight, if desired), turning occasionally.  Remove steaks from marinade and place on grid over medium coals*.  Grill 14 to 20 minutes for rare (140 degrees F) to medium (160 degrees F), turning once.  Brush with reserved marinade during last 2 minutes of cooking.  Season with salt, if desired.  Carve into thin slices.

Note A:  Chuck eye steaks may be substituted.  If used, marinate 30 minutes or up to 6 hours.

Note B:  Or use regular steak sauce combined with 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper pods.

*Test about 4 inches above coals for medium with 4-second hand count. "
1415," Endive, Apple and Walnut Trio ",,6,,15,0,0,Sun-Diamond Growers of California,," Combine endive, apple, walnuts and cheese.  Combine oil and vinegar; pour over salad.  Add salt and pepper to taste; toss well.  Serve immediately. "
1384,Salsa Flavored Beef Steak,,4,,370,24,0,Beef Industry Council,," Combine salsa, lime juice, garlic, oregano and cumin; reserve 2 tablespoons marinade.  Place beef steaks in plastic bag; add remaining marinade, turning to coat.  Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 6 to 8 hours (or overnight, if desired), turning occasionally.  Remove steaks from marinade and place on grid over medium coals*.  Grill 18 to 24 minutes for rare (140 degrees F) to medium (160 degrees F), turning once.  Brush with reserved marinade during last 5 minutes of cooking.  Carve into thin slices.

*Test about 4 inches above coals for medium with 4-second hand count.

Note:  Use bottom blade steaks, cut 1 inch thick. "
1385,Orange-Rosemary Steaks,,4,,35,22,0,Beef Industry Council,," Combine orange juice, vinegar, onion and rosemary.  Place beef steaks in plastic bag; add marinade, turning to coat.  Close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 30 minutes or up to 6 hours, turning occasionally.  Remove steaks from marinade and place on grid over medium coals*.  Grill 17 to 22 minutes for rare (140 degrees F) to medium (160 degrees F), turning once.  Season with salt and pepper.  Carve into thin slices.

*Test about 4 inches above coals for medium with 4-second hand count.

Note:  Use top blade steaks, cut 3/4 to 1 inch thick (about 4 steaks). "
1393,Hazelnut Bleu Cheese Dressing,,8,,15,0,0,Hazelnut Marketing Board," Great on green salads, fruit salads, beef dinner salads and baked potatoes. "," Combine buttermilk, eggs, vinegar, garlic, salt and both peppers in a blender or mixer bowl.  Blend until well mixed, then slowly add olive oil.  Once emulsified and creamy, reduce speed to low and add bleu cheese, hazelnuts, parsley and lemon rind.  When thoroughly mixed, dressing is ready to serve.  Refrigerate any unused dressing. "
1408,Fudge Brownie Pie,,8,,20,30,0,Hershey Foods Corporation,," Beat eggs in small mixer bowl; blend in sugar and melted butter.  Combine flour, cocoa and salt; add to butter mixture.  Stir in vanilla and nuts.

Pour into lightly greased 8-inch pie pan.  Bake at 350 degrees F.  for 25 to 30 minutes or until almost set (pie will not test done).  Cool; cut into wedges.  Serve wedges topped with scoop of ice cream and drizzled with Hot Fudge Sauce (directions follow).

Hot Fudge Sauce:  Combine sugar and cocoa in small saucepan; blend in evaporated milk and corn syrup.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture boils; boil and stir 1 minute.  Remove from heat; stir in butter and vanilla.  Serve warm.  Makes about 1 3/4 cups sauce. "
1409,Chocolate Banana Cream Pie,,8,,150,15,240,Hershey Foods Corporation,," Bake pastry shell; set aside.  Combine sugar, cocoa, cornstarch and salt in medium saucepan; gradually add milk, stirring until smooth.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture boils; boil and stir 3 minutes.  Remove from heat; blend in butter and vanilla.  Pour into bowl; press plastic wrap directly onto surface.  Cool to room temperature.

Cover bottom of cooled shell with small amount of filling.  Arrange banana slices over filling; cover with remaining filling.  Chill 3 to 4 hours or until firm.  Garnish with sweetened whipped cream and banana slices, if desired. "
1410,No-Bake Chocolate Cheesecake,,12,,30,0,120,Hershey Foods Corporation,," Prepare Crumb-Nut Crust (directions follow); set aside.  Melt chocolate chips in top of double boiler over hot, not boiling, water, stirring until smooth.  Combine cream cheese and sugar in large mixer bowl; add butter, beating until smooth.  Blend in vanilla.  Beat in melted chocolate all at once.  Whip cream until stiff; fold into chocolate mixture.

Spoon into prepared crust; chill while preparing Peach Topping (directions follow).  Spoon topping onto chocolate layer and chill thoroughly.  Garnish with grated chocolate.

Crumb-Nut Crust (first 4 ingredients):  If using almonds, toast in shallow baking pan at 350 degrees F.  for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring frequently; cool.  Chop nuts very finely in food processor or blender (you should have 1 cup).  Combine nuts with wafer crumbs and confectioners' sugar in medium bowl; drizzle with melted butter.  Press onto bottom and 1 1/2 inches up side of 9-inch springform pan.

Note:  You may substitute 1 3/4 cups graham cracker crumbs for the nuts and vanilla wafer crumbs.

Peach Topping (last 7 ingredients):  sprinkle gelatine onto cold water in small glass dish; allow to stand a few minutes to soften.  Add boiling water and stir until gelatine is dissolved.  Whip cream and sugar until stiff; beat in gelatine mixture and vanilla.  Fold in diced peaches. "
1411,Mexican Cocoa Torte,,10,,90,12,120,Hershey Foods Corporation,," Combine sugar, cocoa, cinnamon, shortening and coffee in small saucepan.  Cook over very low heat, stirring constantly, until smooth and creamy.  Cool to room temperature.  Place pie crust mix in medium mixing bowl; stir in 3/4 cup of the cocoa mixture, blending thoroughly.  Shape into smooth ball; chill 1 hour.

Divide dough into 4 pieces.  Line two cookie sheets with aluminum foil; mark two 8-inch circles on each.  Place balls of dough on foil; press with fingers into marked circles.  Bake at 375 degrees F.  for 10 to 12 minutes or until almost set; cool on cookie sheets.

Add remaining cocoa mixture to cream in small mixer bowl; beat until stiff.  Place one pastry round on serving plate; spread with one-fourth of the whipped cream mixture.  Repeat layering with remaining three rounds and whipped cream mixture, ending with whipped cream.  Chill several hours.  Garnish with Mini Chips Chocolates. "
1426,-Pancakes-,,4,8,10,10,0,,," Sour milk by putting 1 tablespoon vinegar in a measuring cup and adding milk to 1 cup.  Let stand for 5 minutes.  Combine oil, sugar and egg in a bowl.  Add milk, flour, baking soda and optional ingredients, if using.  Mix until wet; batter will be lumpy.

Cook on preheated oiled griddle, over medium heat.  Use about 1/8-1/4 cup batter for each pancake, cooking until bubbles form over surface.  Turn gently and brown on the other side.  Serve with butter, maple syrup or fruit topping.

Whole Wheat Pancakes:  Substitute 1 cup whole wheat flour for the all-purpose flour and increase milk to 1 cup.  Prepare as directed. "
1427,-Waffles-,,8,8 waffles,10,15,0,,," Preheat waffle iron according to manufacturer's directions.  Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, nutmeg and salt into a bowl.  Combine egg yolks, milk, and oil, pour into flour mixture, and beat with a rotary beater or electric mixer just until smooth.  Beat egg whites until soft peaks form and fold into batter.  Pour batter into greased waffle iron and bake as manufacturer directs.  Serve with butter, maple syrup or fruit topping. "
1432,Curried Chicken Livers Topped Spud,,1,,20,5,0,Idaho Potato Commission,," In a small bowl, mix together chicken broth, cornstarch, curry powder, salt and red pepper.  In a small non-stick skillet heat oil; add livers, onion, peppers and garlic.  Cook 3 to 5 minutes until livers are browned, but still slightly pink in the center and vegetables are tender.  Stir cornstarch mixture and add to pan.  Bring to boil and boil one minute, stirring constantly. "
